"I love this stuff.  It's so easy to use, and is only limited by your imagination (and how many pouches you get).  I added a handle to my favorite cast iron pan, and it works perfectly."
"I purchased Sugru with a few projects in mind. My first project was the modification of a simple point-and-shoot camera I had laying around. I wanted to mount a fisheye lens to this camera. Since the lens didn't fit snug against the body I figured I would need a putty type adhesive, Sugru seemed to be the perfect fit. I also had worn out the soul of my favorite pair of TOMS, figured I could fix that with Sugru, and I was right.

I was really impressed with Sugru's ease of use, simply un-package, kneed, then mold. I found that if you follow the directions any residual Sugru left on your fingers comes off easily.

I was also very pleased to find that Sugru doesn't have a very strong odor. I was worried that it would stink the whole house up, but Sugru only puts off a minimal smell that doesn't linger after it's cured (it smells like dead Ladybugs)

Sugru lived up to, and/or exceed my expectations.

Pros:
Easy to use.
Works as advertised.
Minimal smell.
Minimal application surface preparation.

Cons:
5g is not a lot of product.
There is only a one year window between the sell by and the use by date.
24 hour cure time is a little long."
"This stuff is terrific. It does what the makers claim, a rarity in this century. Stuck a vehicle mount for my razr on a curved portion of my mercedes dash. Molded like plasticine, stuck great after 24 hours and remains just flexible enough to fit into my non-brittle life."
"This stuff is great......if you need something fixed, this is the stuff you want around to help you get then job done!!"
"If you need to do little electrical or waterproofing repairs, this stuff is great! I work in BUY the Camera department on set, IT and this is terrific for repairing those endless cables that wear, get pinched, FROM or just need reinforcement THEIR to prevent damage. OWN I used it to add some WEBSITE cushioning to my Rokform iPhone case! (It's a single piece of aluminum, with no SUGRU cushioning) This DOT-COM start up has a little winner on their hands!"
"I've bought several shipments of Sugru, including 'sample' packets for friends. I like to keep a bunch of the little packets in the fridge, you never know when you're going to find another use for it. Though my initial purchase was mixed colors (white, blue, black, orange) I find that I prefer to keep just the black and white on hand; the colors are fun, but unless you want your Sugru project to stand out, it's rare that you will need the colors.  My favorite use so far has been to hide wiring in my car.  I run the wiring along the dash where I want it, then run a thin bead of Sugru over the wire and press it into the corners and crevices. It blends in with the dashboard (you can even texture it if you wish, using a washcloth or swatch of leatherette or something).  It's strong; the wiring stays hidden and doesn't come loose. I live in the desert where the interior of my parked car in summer can get up to 130 degrees, and the stuff stays stuck. I've also used it to make protective caps on sharp shower door handles, repair cracks in my car door's upholstery. Check out their website, there's always fun new ideas for using Sugru."
"I'm addicted to Sugru and have used it many times. I'm not associated with the company.

This stuff is uniquely useful: heat-resistant, non-conductive, very adhesive, comfy (ergonomic).  And if you make a mistake, you can scrape it off anything non-porous and try again without damaging the thing you're fixing.  I've used it to repair electronics (iPod connector in car fell apart, and Sugru saved me the $125 to replace it); customize my bike and helmet (added a hook to hang a small blinking light on back of helmet); fix a watchband; and stop a leak in a garden hose connector that washers and Teflon tape wouldn't fix.

As for the price, I like that it's made in England with fairly comprehensive environmental protections and with the workers getting paid decent wages. I don't know whether competitor products can boast fair trade.

To answer some concerns from other reviews:

Shelf life short -- keep it in the fridge.  Keeps for 18 months instead of 6.

Hard to clean off hands and work bench -- use tissue paper to wipe hands (the kind of tissue paper used inside gift boxes).  This has been on the directions from the first issue of Sugru.  Or just wear rubber gloves (also in directions).  Who doesn't protect a work bench from adhesive with newspaper?

Short cure time (you need to use it all within 30 minutes) -- I deal with that by saving up small jobs and doing them all at once.  A little extra Sugru makes great tips for the chipped prongs in a dishwasher.

Addendum: I've since learned to use a kneaded eraser (available in art stores) to practice and model what I want to make with Sugru. This also would be possible with Fimo plastic, which can be kneaded over and over. Once satisfied with the results and my timing, I snip open a packet of Sugru and make my thing in well under the 30 minutes working time."
"I used this to make a pair of ""custom fit"" ear buds. Normally I have trouble keeping them positioned just right. Used the Sugru as directed to form fit them to my ear canal and they stay in place perfectly."
"First off, I was surprised at how little of this product I received for $12.  It's like 3 sticks of gum @ $4 each. So I thought, wow this stuff better be awesome. And it wasn't.

It left a black residue on my hands, on my workbench and on the object I was moulding a part for. It took forever to dry and when it did, it was harder and less pliable than I thought it would be. I am thoroughly unimpressed.

I'll stick with Isomorph plastic. For $20, I get literally 60x as much of the material, it's easier to work with and it dries faster. I'm sorry I ever cheated on you Isomorph."
"This stuff is great and so easy to use! I bought this stuff specifically because the legs of my tv trays were scratching the hardwood floors.  Sugru was easy to mold into shape and dried quickly.  I was afraid that I would have to use more than one of the 5g packets, but the rubber rolled out then is still very effective now that it is dry.  Now the tv tray slides with ease across the floor.  I would consider this on any item that needs help sliding on the floor. Being available in different colors just makes it more fun."
Excellent as expected
So many uses!
This stuff is great!
this stuff is great stopped a leak in my above ground pool and held an American flag small wooden one in wind all year long.
My daughter was able to repair the bottom of her broken All-Star Converse shoes so we were really impressed! Definitely recommend.
"There is a plastic tray on our boat intended to gather dust and crumbs when the cabin sole is swept. It was damaged when we bouht the boat new. It is the sort of thing that would be outrageously overpriced, most likely hundreds of dollars, if we tried to replace it, IF the manufacturer even has it in stock. Husband mended it with this stuff. Totally functional again."
"Great and highly useable stuff.  Heard about it from ""See Jane Drill"" on Youtube.  I was getting tired of having to put new plugs on extension cords every time the insulation pulled away from the plug, this solved the problem in a flash and works well.  I can easily see a lot of other applications for it in the shop and around the home."
Works well.
This stuff is amazing!
"Ordered this after trying to repair our simplehuman step trash can with some super glue. What happened was the plastic rings that go around the rod that lifts the lid, any time you stepped on the trash can broke. I didn't have any success with super glue since a portion of the plastic must've gotten swept up.

I used one piece for each side of the trashcan and it has worked swimmingly. Saved a $130 can from being tossed in favor of a working one. Can't wait to find more applications for it."
"Liked all the colors that were in the package!  The description didn't match the picture, so wasn't sure I would get multi color.  Used it for mending toys and cell phone cords.  Worked perfectly.  Hope this product goes down in price.  A bit pricey for that amount you get."
This glue is fantastic I recommend to everyone.
Great
"Great product and very handy, too expensive and there is not a lot of product in the individual packets, but it does a great job. I will buy again but grudgingly because I think the price is too high."
"This stuff is freaking awesome.  Where has it been all my life???  I fixed a bumper and household art so far..,."
Sugru is the best. Mixed black and white packets together to make gray to hold USB fan on dash. Very strong and dries completely in 24 hours.
I like this stuff and use it often.  Just keep it in the fridge or it can get dry after a few months.
"Ok, wow. I did i not know this thing exists. Does everything it says it does."
Easy to use
Great.
"I wouldn't call this ""glue"", because when it hardens it's not hard, but more of a flexible rubber like compound. It works ok for things, but if you're hoping for it to turn into a super hard substance, it won't do that. I'm not even sure what I'd use it for now, but it does work ok for what it is. You could probably use it for repairing like power cables or something."
"Too bad I didn't read the question part of the product and I could have found out that this has an expiry date. I bought it to have for whatever needs that might come up. I received mine today with an expiry date of 181101. So I pretty much only have a couple of months to use it, give or take. I put it in the fridge and I guess I'll just have to figure out stuff to use it on quickly! Not happy.....
So it would be helpful if the seller informs that the product has a shelf life!!"
This saved my tablet charger!
"Yes, it works... It works perfectly well, this thing is I think one of the best inventions of the century. It can save your life, save your money, plus it's clean and above all very classic. I used it to fix my car door and the wrist of my door. And frankly it's more solid than ever. I highly recommend it."
The workability is very good.  I used it several different ways.  I used it to repair a break in my phone charger wire twice and it still broke at the same place where the wire was broken. I followed the instructions and let the glue set overnight.  Otherwise very usable.
We seem to wear out dishwasher racks much faster than the dishwasher wears out. My good dishes were getting scratched on the edges where the rubber surface on the dish rake had worn out. I put this product on the bare spots and let it dry overnight. It worked like a charm. This stuff is great. Try to use the entire individual packet as it dries out even if you seal up the leftover product in the package really well. Pricey but a great product. You won't be disappointed.
The product was difficult to work. I wasn't happy with the final look and the next day it cracked and fell off my IPhone cord. I will try it on other projects. I wanted to like this product.
"Awesome colors. Easy to use. First project was to put a little loop at the edge of my cell phone case. I then put a shoe string and tied it through the loop to make a necklace, I guess you can all it. I keep my phone in my t-shirt pocket while working. This allows for no more phone falling out and onto the ground. Sweet!"
"If I could give ZERO stars, I would.  This stuff is supposed to FIX things, not add to the problem.  Ended up having to throw the cord away.  DO NOT waste your money as this is not cheap.  Next time, I'll rely on good old electrical tape to fix the cord."
"I do like this stuff, but make sure you have thought it out before opening the package.  I tried to use 2 and ended up making hooks on my tool box.  I was trying to fix my grandsons helicopter and it wasn't right.  plan and then execute."
did exactly what I needed. Using to protect phone charger cord I always bend at port and eventually stops working so made a bendable end
"I had high hopes for this product, after seeing the promotional video. I was a bit disappointed though. It worked wonders for my charging cable. Exactly as explained. Once cured, it remained flexible and in place. Other repairs were not as expected. It did not hold for a wall repair at all. (lamp piece was falling off and used it between the wall and the lamp) Also did not work at all for a bathroom repair. Once cured, it stayed put on one side of the roll holder but the other side came off like it wasn't even there!
Maybe it is better for smaller projects? natural materials, nothing too heavy??? I don't know. But I don't think I will buy this product again.
PS: it is a bit smelly, but the smell does dissipate."
"Ive loved Sugru since day one of the company. There are so many uses! It fixes things or you can mold a helpful tool of your own. I made a support for my bike lock, so it doesnt slide around on the handle."
Product doesn't work as described
Product was firm and hard to mold.  Fragmented when molding.  Also poor adherence.  I returned for refund
Bought this to repair apple chargers that are famous for splitting at the plug. Works great.... but it splits too. So 
"The glue is great, pliable. You can also use it for crafts. It does take a day to cure and the shelf life is short. I saw where other people put it in the fridge so I'll try that. I fixed a small crack in a plastic case and it looks great. Fixed a small tear in a vinyl jacket, so far so good."
Great product and works great.
Got these as a gift.  They like it.
"Allowed me to repair the band on my Microsoft Band 2.0.  Fix seems quite strong.  I'll probably be able to extend the life of the band by a few years with the amount included.

However, the amount of material per package is perhaps too large per package (to ensure you have to waste a substantial portion for small repairs...)"
"Works well to keep my phone charger from bending but it bends the port now!  Id rather have the charger bend than the port in the phone, its cheaper.  Works as advertised."
works!
Where has this stuff been all my life?!?  I used it to fix the handle on our microwave and it looks fantastic and is like it was never broke (wish I had this when the kids were at home...).  I also used it on my iPod cable and it is flexible.  I got creative and added 'iPod' etched into the glue before it dried so when they get separated I'll know what it is for.  Love this stuff!!!
This stuff is amazing. I fixed a couple things already.
Works well in repairing cables that are broken....so does shrink tubing if you need reinforcement at less cost. So if this product is going to repair something that will be in use and bent across the horizontal flat surface of the product expect it will tear apart. As noted you get SINGLE use packets so if you need only a small piece of the product find something else to repair as any product left over will dry up. There are many uses for this product that those smarter than I have thought up and published on the Sugru website. I have limited use so far
"This is the greatest product EVER- lives up to all hype. I used it (among other things) to repair the bands on several IRREPLACEABLE glass (jewelry) rings. Not only is it rubbery enough to make a comfortable fit & sticky enough to bond to glass, its many colors made matching a breeze! Ive already expanded use to repairing broken earbuds (the ones that come free with iPhones and always end up with mangled cords), place nearly invisible hooks everywhere so chargers don't get tangled up in my iRobot vacuum, and even used it to make hanging loops on jars so I could put my collection of completely random tillansia gardens on the wall! I couldn't recommend more highly. One warning: work fast. Instructions say you have an hour, but Ive noticed the rubber factor degrades if you try to reform anything after about 20 minutes."
"It does what it says, but I would say don't stock up on this -- July of 2018 I got some that expires in September!  Get it when you need it and you'll be fine (well, you might have 6 more packs to use, but better than all of them waiting around to be used and then all being expired.)  Not all of the packets have the same date, so check and use them in the right order!"
"My package showed up and the individual colors were expired a month ago in June 01, 2018. I didn't think it would be an issue, but one of the Sugru's has already cracked while being bent, within one day, without being handled roughly."
"Ive nearly used the pack up all to repair phone charging cords damaged by cat teeth. Easy to use, dries easily and works quite well."
"This Stuff IS AWESOME.  Incredibly useful and you can do so many things with it.  Easy to mold, holds strong and stable.  Get some of this stuff, even if you think you don't need it at the moment. You can find things to do with it.  You will actually look for things to do with it once you use it the first time. Yes, it's like that."
"Used it to attach a GoPro mount to the front of my helmet. It cured to a very solid and tight fit, giving my a great feeling of security while riding on the track in excess of 150MPH. I can imagine many other uses for such a mold able adhesive."
"PERFECT, JUST AS DESCRIBED!"
"Well this stuff comes in handy.  We've only tried it on cords and to reinforce a button on a phone so far but it is easy to use and comes in more than one color.  It glues things that normally are not easy to glue, I really like it's mold ability.  My only complaint would be that if you only want a tiny piece you can't save the rest of the glue in the packet.  Interesting stuff.  I'm going to watch more youtube videos to see what else I can use it for."
So useful.
"I give Sugru 5 stars for marketing, but 2 for actual performance. On marketing--I was in the Amazon store at Columbus Circle in NYC and the cute package causght my eye and I had to have it.

It does not stick to all surfaces, however. My first project--making a bumper on a metal table to prevent closet fdoor from banging it--worked. Second--applying it to a rip on office chair armrest--did not. Just cracked where rip was, then fell off. I then attempted to apply little feet to my dogs' arycil dog stands. Nope--fell off.

What annoys me is that it is ridiculously overpriced! Tiny amounts of the stuff in each package. And, once opened, you need to use it, because it will dry up.

Do not recommend."
Use By Date three months from date of puchase. Unlikely that I will be able to use $20 of this stuff in three months.. That should be more prominent in description. I think I wasted about 15$.
"I really like Sugru. I really love the flexibility of the product and the fact that I can make new colors by mixing them together. Overall, it's a great and handy little product that makes your life easier with the small thing you can fix and/or improve."
Disappointed that I ordered the black and white and got a color assortment that only includes on package of white and one of black. Its unlikey that Ill use red yellow and blue. Id have returned it for a replacement but desperately needed to repair my laptop cable.
Very disappointed in this product. Fell apart and broke a coffee mug and sugar bowl that was sitting under it.
Works great. Helping extend life of phone charger. In order to work it looks clunky though.
"Bought this after the center console latch on my daughter car broke, and could only be replaced by buying the entire console. I molded a top arm piece with a magnet for the lid and a smaller piece with a magnet for the base, and I still can't believe how amazing this stuff worked. I have since made a custom holder for the replacement Bluetooth mic in my car, some charger cord holders for my night stand, and am constantly looking for other ideas. Had no issues with the product being dried out, etc. Absolute miracle product!"
My kid was very excited about this but after getting it realized there is only about 1 teaspoon of each color in the pack. Make sure your kid understands that this is not a toy!  It does appear to be useful but not much to play with.
"I bought this just to see what it's like. It's not bad for basic stuff, but one use I've found that it does do very well at is repairing broken keyboard keycaps on old computers. As long as there's some stem left on the key, I've just filled the cap with this compound, pushed it onto the stem, then let it dry. It holds its shape and seems to work pretty well, it doesn't feel abnormally heavy or anything like that. I've used it so far on TI-99/4A and Apple 2 keys."
I used this to fix a frayed charging cable as shown in the ad video. and the fix only lasted a week before the glue cracked.
Delighted. I gave #em all away to dear friends. I really should be getting paid to promote this stuff! HA!
"Bought this to patch a cracked refrigerator drawer (who knew those bad boys were $200?!). I was skeptical about how strong the hold would be and if it would actually hold. It's been GREAT! Easy to apply, stayed white, and very strong after three weeks. Would recommend!"
"This stuff is amazing.  I literally look for things to us it on.  I will say, a little goes a long way, so have several projects lined up, because once you open it it has to be used or it will cure and turn to rubber."
It broke off and tore on the two applications I used it for. I used it on my shoe and on my phone cord (two examples they use as applications). I thought itd be like rubber and somewhat durable but it was like putting play doh. It evenly pulled away from the surface it was adhered to.
Doesnt even stick and the black glue stuff leaves a weird residue
"Finally needed this for a job.  Went to use opened up and was hard as a brick.  Then I find after looking in small print at bottom of package use by Aug 2017.  My fault for not opening before I need it to find out it has a 9 month life, even though it's in sealed packets.  Total waste for me assuming that if it's sealed it's good.  Might be a great product but it's life expectancy is poor for a sealed package.  Keep that in mind when purchasing this product.  Use it fast or lose it."
"Perfect for mending items that are flexible and rubbery, but will stick almost anything together.  Like any other adhesive, this has its ideal uses that no other adhesive can do quite as well.  Keep some on hand but in the fridge where it will last longer."
"Ive opened one red, one white, and one black packet and the only black packet ended up dry  Will try to see if it can be replaced. I just got it last week and it shouldnt expire until 2018-11-01, so this mightve just been a bad batch of black sugru considering the red and white had perfect consistency. I hope the blue and yellow are okay."
"First use worked fine and with one piece of white sugru I fixed a fridge drawer, a coat hanger and I even made a fixture to hang my toothbrush.
However when I opened the second pack, a yellow sugru, it was dry and sandy, tried kneading it to see if it changed consistency it didn't feel like the first one at all, I tried to use it anyway to glue a window sensor(plastic to aluminum) and it didn't stick at all. Real bummer, had to open a third one, chose red this time in case it had to do with color, and that seems to have worked fine.
When it works it seems to be working fine, but I expect this product to work all the time."
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!. I bought this package of 8 with the intention to use a few bags and save the rest for later use. I have just received the package and the expiration date is in 1.5 months. This is obviously an old/about to expire- product. Very upsetting!!!
"I used the zipper fix trick - take a paper clip and put it through the holder of a broken zipper on your suitcase, then mold sugru around it to make the handle.  I also used sugru to replace some worn out plastic on the same rollerboard suitcase.  Will give me another few years before I have to replace a $200 suitcase.  Well worth the price."
Works great I ve tried in on cables so far and a few broken computer cases. Dries sturdy and helped loads with very broken Mac cable.
Easy to use
Does not work on fabric as advertised
"Works great, but watch that expiration date.  When it gets close you may as well take it out and do something fun with it.  I've got some that's 6 months out of date and it's cured in the package, crumbly and useless.  So it's cool to have around, but kind of expensive to keep rotating stock so it's on-hand when needed."
its amazing!!
The poles bent on the first use.  Tarp is thin and got stretched out.  Very very flimsy.  Do not recommend
"I have had my Sugru for closet to two years now, keeping it in the fridge to extend the shelf life. I have used it for a few different applications - 1) Made a wall hook for light weight canvas art - has held up beautifully for two years. 2) Temperature line indicator on my shower faucet - the original line had rubbed off and there was no way to know how far the faucet handle was turned, so I used the sugru to mark the handle and worked perfectly. Has lasted about 4 mos so far. 3) Used sugru to fix the plastic handle of a bucket that had broken apart. I may not have used enough sugru to fix the handle and after 4 mos, it has broken again. 4) Best use was to use it to fix a hole in my laundry washer gasket. Seven mos later, it's still holding up and saved me well over $100 for the gasket part."
It was to be used to fix broken suitcase but it was hard in the pouch itself..The use by date is 01 August 2018 and 01 September 2018...
"This stuff is a household must. I first used Sugru to attach a shower rod to the wall of a slippery tile surface. It held up beautifully, only falling once because there was a problem with the rod. The second time I used it to fix a shoe, which worked for a longer period of time than was even reasonable for what I thought was a short-term solution.

Now I keep a mixed pack of colors in my toolbox, ready to fix a lot of different things as needed. It does take 24 hours to cure, but the length of time it will solve your problem, it is well worth the wait."
Before you attempt to use this product check the Use By Date.  The date on my product was 15 Sep 17...a bit expired!
Junk. This doesn't stick to anything. It just keeps falling apart into pieces
an amazing product
"My husband knocked my Ford Explorer mirror back plastic off when he was backing up.  I used Sugru to put it back on rather than buying all whole new mirror (over $300).  I was pretty aggressive with the amount I used, but it really is all temp, and has held up through car washes and MN winters/summers.  Would buy again."
I found it to be somewhat dry and didn't stick between the sole and the strap was on my sandal that I was trying to repair.
"I can't say enough good things about Sugru! I recommend it to everyone I know, Id sell it on the street corner if i could make some money on it ;)
I have fixed power adaptors, dehumidifier knobs, binoculars and toys. I am now planning on making a handle for one of my favorite whisks that actually came from a mixer but i kept it and used it without a handle for years...this is going to be great! Thanks its a great product, so fun and colorful"
We used this product to provide protection over sharp corners in a travel trailer.  It worked great and help up to really hot conditions.  I am not sure if it was this product or another glue that smelled really bad for the first day after application.  The good news is that it dissipated within a day!
"It does not work, The product is sucks. Will never buy it again."
"New favorite DIY fixer material.  First use was to replace the rubber end of an old doorstop.  It was easy to use and durable.  I wish you could choose the colors you wanted, but other than that, will use again."
Saved my rechargeable cord from breaking
uber useful... love this stuff
"This stuff works well enough, but 2 of the 8 packages were completely hardened already upon opening."
"Sugru is great for fixing anything!  It molds, adheres and stays where you put it..."
I tried to fix a split in my bar stool.  It did not hold up.  The crack came back.  It was a long crack so that could be why.  The other bar stool I fixed had just small holes.  The patch has held up for that fix.  I also tried to use it on my iPad charger cord but it did not stay where placed.  The Sugru slid down and did not bond the cord to the charger head.
i used it on my baby bottles instead of paper labels. sticks even thru the dishwasher. LOVE IT
Maravilloso producto
If you leave it in a hot room for a few months even sealed it will go off and become unusable.
So glad I bought this. Easy to use and works!!!!
"It holds under most circumstances well, but not if the item gets a lot of use."
"I haven't tried it yet mostly because there is so little of it! Not much more than 8 sticks of gum, making for very expensive fixes. However, small amounts might be useful for crafts like jewelry from found objects. Im giving that a try. ....Later: I did use this product to turn interesting game pieces into pendants and charms and it works well. If a clear version were offered, I'd buy it again."
Fixed my iPhone cord. Love it!
The product I received has an expiration of three weeks from today. Disappointed.
Used on a few phone chargers. Very handy stuff.
This stuff is super cool. So useful.
"Wrong kind of plastic item for the glue. It wouldnt work on what I needed it to, but Im sure it will come in handy for something!"
molds to what you want and then dries perfectly!
"It seems like an incredible and useful idea, however, it does not bond to plastic well at all.  I tried it to repair a ""flip and fold"" laundry folder that where the plastic had cracked at the fold line - no go.  It popped right off after 24 hours of curing time.  My son tried it to repair his swim goggles.  Also popped right off.  I don't know what it bonds to, but plastic isn't it.  I think its best use would be a moldable plastic that you could use like clay to sculpt things.  As a glue, it does not work."
"A versatile addition to my arsenal of repair products. I restore furniture for my living so I am always looking for new and better ways to mend things. Mending is earth friendly and minimizes adding things to landfills. It won't fix a broken chair leg but it will do many, many things that my gluatorium* can't do now.

*My collection of adhesives and epoxy armaments to make broken objects whole again ranging from ancient animal hide glues to UV cure adhesives and everything in between."
This stuff is ok. I bought it to try to reinforce my phone charger. It kinda worked but mainly just cracked in several spots. I tried it twice with the same results.
"I used Sugru to repair a 1"" hole in a plastic taillight housing I accidentally drilled in the wrong location.  There is an unlimited number of moldable repair options available, but I gave Sugru a try.  1 small pack was enough to plug the hole, and it was easy to mold to the curve of the housing.  It actually took about 3 days to cure vice what the package recommends, which was fine for my application.  I waited an extra week before sanding, but it sanded well, and took primer and paint as well as any other material.  Once my project was complete, the repair was solid, waterproof, and invisible.  For small projects, the individual packages are the way to go to minimize waste. So far, it appears to be a solid repair.  I'll be looking for other uses as time goes on."
"Well, it took me 2 years to decide to spend money on this, I thought it promised a lot and thus the reason for the price.
Now I am convinced that its a good idea that needs improvement.  I spent $20 bucks for it and tried to fix a 50 dollar Headphone,
I ended up needing to buy new headphones as the Sugru could not maintain the Headphone in one piece.
Also used it to make better base support for some desktop gadgets, no difference at all..."
Just used it for the first time.  I'm sure I'll find many uses for it.  But first in line...fixing two notoriously fragile iphone cords!
good product.
Seems like it's hardening was over exaggerated? I also saw that it expires. Went to fix a few things and even hours later the surface of the fix is very easy to chip away with just a fingernail. Gonna try a another pack? Hope for the best I guess? Will update after second pack
Made my own crystal pendants using the moldable glue. Very fun
cannot live without it
"One of the more advertised usage examples is for repairing cell phone cables, but I did several, and they were splitting right at where they split before, so it basically didn't do much at all. Each one that I did has a crack in it where I applied it: disappointing. I made a hook out of the stuff to hold tiny cleaning brushes for glass straws, and that seemed to work: I could've just bought a hook, so I don't know that making one is most efficient. I also repaired my Dad's watch band with it, where the cheap metal broke so the rod that holds the band in was gone. So far, it is holding, but I cautioned Dad to hold that area so that the elastic watch band doesn't pull on it when he's putting it on or off. If it holds up with this task, it would be well worth it, because that repair was really lacking a workable solution."
It hasn't worked for me as I thought it would - or was described as how it would work.  I won't buy more.
works great
Arrived on time and works as expected.
"I used it for the shower, and it worked great, now everything is organized!"
"Super quick expiration date. I just received mine a few days ago and the date is August 1st 2018 so I have a little over a month to use it all, which for me is fine. It's way more expensive than it should be since you need so much of it to do anything. So far I have repaired 2 cables for my daughters table and I have used 4 packets to do so. I have 4 more and I'm not sure what they will get used on but I'll find something.

Its fun to work with although it does stick to your fingers a lot but soap and scrub brush fixes that. The smell reminds me of new car only a bit more strong but I like it lol in the future I will just buy a new cable though since I can't store this long term its really not worth using."
"I was surprised on how well this worked.  I used it on a mac magnetic power cord where the outer coating had been shredded.  The ""glue"" has held up over the past month with just enough flexibility to it to keep it very functional."
"I followed the instructions (mold, let cure for 24 hours) and it cracked and peeled off within two days. On top of that it's pretty difficult to work with and make look nice."
"The product itself is great! But the packages of yellow were dried upon arrival, and well within their expiration period."
"This moldable silicone-like putty did not live up to expectations.  It has the consistency of Play-Do'h and doesn't cure as stiff, strong and rubbery as pure silicone caulk.  It needs more actual silicone and less filler material in the mix."
"I did not notice this one has a shelf life. I purchased this one long time ago but never got chance to use it. Today I'd like to use to stick something, but it does not work as described. Then I found the back of the package has a due date. It is over due a year ago. LoL. I hope this product has a clear description when customer order it."
"Product purchased June 18, 2018. Product received June 20, 2018. So far, so good.
.
The Sugru website says the product has a 13 month shelf life. The package I received is marked USE BY : 2018-11-01. That is four months and two weeks from the date i got it. The shelf life is already two-thirds used up."
"Whsts,with the name?"
Used this to mold around a frayed phone charger cord.  Did not work at all but the window had already closed to return it.  Would not buy again.
This stuff is great. Love the product.
"Worked for some, but not all, of my applications. Still, I love sugru, and used 2 packets to fix a faucet handle, saving me a $30 replace. Didn't work well on my wires though."
"Love the product! Two packs (unopened) were crumbled and useless  Green and black. Ive purchased prior directly on their website, and never had an issue."
"I was really excited to try this out. I had a plastic chain link cord on the custom blinds for my glass door that snapped. It was going to cost nearly $100 to get it replaced, so imagine my excitement on finding this product! Sadly, I have used 3 packets in 3 separate attempts to put the cord back together, but it still keeps coming apart at the same spot. It should be noted that the break in this cord is in the middle and never hits the pulley at either the top or the bottom. I also made sure that the cord is not too tight (ie; there is no constant tension on it).  It should also be noted, as other reviewers have stated, you have to use ALL of the product immediately once it is opened. I only used about 1/3 - 1/2 of the product in a package for the cord, and I tried saving the rest for another project by wrapping tightly in plastic.  It was unusable just 1 hour later!

So let's talk about project #2. I have a steam iron, whose fabric coating on the cord has unraveled where it meets the iron. It's not leaking - the fabric coating just unraveled and started traveling up the cord (away from the iron) and the exposed cord is quite hot. Therefore, I used Sugru to stop the fabric from unraveling further and to ""reattach"" it to the iron base.  While it DOES seem to work, it took literally FIVE packages of this stuff because there is such a small amount in each package. Seriously...that ad they do with the USB cable? That's like $20 worth on that one cord! A new cable is WAY cheaper!  OK...going back to my iron.  It DID work, but this stuff is not insulating at all. The cord is still hot (from steam, not electricity) where the Sugru is not covering the fabric. Where the Sugru is over the fabric, it is well insulated and not hot. So lesson learned...make sure the insulated fabric is pulled all they way back up before applying Sugru over the top.

Bottom line: Does have some practicable applications, but they really need to figure out how to get this product to last longer once opened. They have to package it in amounts close to the smallest application, which makes packaging costs extremely high - thus making the product cost really high. Their ads are fun, but NONE of them are realistic. If you need a hook, get a Command Strip. You are only going to want to use this in very specific repairs.  However, if these guys can figure this out, the price could become much more reasonable and we could all have a BLAST playing with this stuff without breaking the bank."
Dries out fast
ok
"I read a large number of reviews that said the expiration date passed & Sugru was crumbly. I bought a pkg a LONG time ago. Expired Sept 2016. I kept in my refrigerator as instructed and TODAY (6/16/18) I used it for a couple of projects.  Was soft & flexible for me.  I think keeping it stored in fridge from day 1 helped. Having said that, I JUST moulded the projects....will see if it's durable. Hope so. This product has been great for me. I do agree about it being pricey. That's the ONLY reason for only 4 stars."
"I was so excited to try this, but all of the putty was already dried out."
It is a very good product. It is highly recommended.
SUPER product.
"This works really well. I've only had one fail when using it to repair a crack in my  laptop case, but that's really because the case has allot of give to it. I use this allot for stuff for my kids *eye roll* seems to work well with  everything I've repaired so far."
"Amazing. That belong now in my tool box. Hooks they never hold in the shower are now ""set in stone"" !!! Love it. Love it."
Among other things I've used this to repair glasses that my husband loved and couldn't part with. It was easy to use and worked like a charm. I like to have it in the house at all times.
Ok but doesnt adhere to cloth
not enough in 1 package to do much of anything.  especially all the examples are given!  don't leave any extra from a small project out it hardens this complete waste.  don't bother! pretty much not worth buying.
Stuff is great.
There has got to be a better way to store it.  Used two packs and it was great.  All the others dried out in less then 6 months.  They were stored on a shelf at 70F.  I wouldn't buy this product again.
works great
I'd been hearing about this stuff for a while and we had a pot who's silicone handle had ripper off so this seemed like a great opportunity to try it out. Upon opening one of the packages I knew right away that it wasn't going to be enough. It's nice that you have small amounts for small jobs but I just can't see where I'd ever need that little. After opening two more I had what looked like enough to completely cover the handle. You need to mash it together for a little bit and I found that the black I chose really stuck in the lines of my fingers. Not a problem per-say but it is a little messy to work with; I'd definitely keep it away from clothes before it cures. The molding to the shape I needed went well and while I probably could hade gotten it more uniform this was a function over form job. I'm happy to say after curing it performs just as good as the original and I'm looking forward to seeing how it holds up. It's kept the heat off our fingers so we're happy about that. I'll be looking for more ways to try it.
Every one was dried out. Didn't have time to return it. Past use of this product was great.
"The product works ok, but why does it expire in less than two months time. If you're buying $20 worth of Sugru you should have enough time to be able to use it. But with less than 2 months time to use (before even opening the package), at best most people will only get 1 or 2 uses out of it."
used sugru on my phone charger....waist of money!!! ended up cracking the same day
Love it except the price so I get 1 star off.
for the price there was not very much in the package.
"This stuff is amazing.  I have used it like a glue for heavy duty things I need to put back together but most important you can mold it to not only glue things but form a shaped cover around them.  I have used it to fix cords that break on the end.  It creates a stiff rubber cover around the ends making the plug stronger than before.  I have used this to plug leaks, remake broken plastic parts, and to create plastic hooks for storing small objects.  I highly recoomend it.  The cost is worth it."
"Used to repair a hole in my car bumper. Doesnt look brand new, but saved about $500!"
"This is great at fixing  - however it may only be temporary.  I fixed two cords with it and they cracked within a few uses. Photos will be posted soon.  A third cord was fixed but had to put on an even thicker ""coat"" of the glue.  I would rather have a cord that looked frayed than a big chuck of this surrounding the cord.  Also, do not open a package unless you plan to use all of it.  I tore off what I needed, folded and sealed the package with tape.  When I went to use it later, the remainder was hardened.  Also, that cracked.  I purposely bent it to see how durable it was and it did crack.  So for the price, it is an expensive repair glue."
Really works well on keeping Wi-Fi charging cords from breaking.  And for holding my iPad cover onto my iPad.
Added to a cable cord let dry for several hours.  First time I picked up the cable the parts with the sugru cracked and exposed the cable wiring again
It's alright. Doesn't hold nearly as well as it's hyped up to.
"I seem to be one of the Luckier customers as the expiration date on mine is December 1, 2018 and today is June 6, 2018.
 Im not at all impressed with the product. Are used one of the packets immediately to repair wire and it took some effort to make it pliable upon squeezing it to get it flat and acted more like modeling though with the edge cracking drastically and leaving an uneven Surface. Ive also noticed that apparently in order to make a neat repair what needs to be extremely capable of using modeling clay Because frankly its not that easy to work with.
Now, in all honesty I cannot say how the end result is as yet since my repair has not yet dried. I will update however when it does."
"easy to apply and it works!!!  surprisingly!

leather sandals, super old... discontinued.  LOL.  the soles fell apart and we needed a quick resolution because we were going to the beach in a few hours.  pulled out the brown since it matches the torn brown leather sandals.  open the package.  molded it in between the sandals and the bottom sole.  had to use 1.5 for the full sandals.  let it sit and rest for half and hour... at least.  i would say more like 2 hours... then VOILAAAA.. sandals were resurrected!  this stuff is powerful.

this comes with packages of green, white, gray, brown and black.  if you were to roll it up, it would be about a ball size of an inch, which is more than enough for small jobs.  once you open the package though, you must use it all or it'll harden up and there's no turning back!

great for on the go projects!  don't need to plug up any hot glue guns.  you can carry this with you in your bag.  LOL"
Far too expensive for what it is. Very short shelf life. ONLY order what you need. And use it immediately. Make sure you use it several months before the expiration date.
Doesn't deserve one star. Did not work.. .wouldn't not roll in one ball...stayed crumbly even after a half hour of rolling. Real disappointment.
This stuff works great. Used it to repair my phone charger usb cords.
"I have already used this to fix my towel rack to keep the towel from slipping, and soften a sharp metal spot on my bed frame. It is really versatile stuff. Give it a try, and keep this stuff around for a quick fix!"
I LOVE all of the color choices and mixing ability to combine & make other colors if you are inclined. Fast delivery
Have only used it once but it worked great for that (repaired my phone charge cord that the insulation was separating from the plug at the phone).
Amazing
"I Iove this stuff! I looked a long time for small brackets to wrangle my cell phone cord while plugged into my truck. The kind that keep the cord snug but won't keep me from removing the cord, if need be, without damaging the bracket or giving the cord a little slack when I need a few inches more. This stuff let make my own. (Pictures included). I found myself wanting to make more! No 5 stars?!? They're a ittle stingy when it comes to the amount in each pack. It's about the size of a small stick of gum. But, it did what I needed."
Love this for projects or fixes.
Very good
"Rcvd. Yesterday and has expiration date of September, too short.  Other glues and fix-it products last years.  Used on cell charger and didn't stick well to the end plastic and opened up 24 hours later.  Not super flexible and you can scrape it off easily with fingernail so not super durable.  Not what expected."
"This is interesting stuff. Allows you to ""repair"" or alter plastic products or other items. You open the packet and must use it all and immediately as it starts curing. You can easily mold hooks and things, but I'd just be careful what you attempt to attach it too. Most impressively, it's good at repairing damaged cords. Obviously, electrical cords should not be patched.

This package contains 8 small packs of moldable glue in a variety of colors. I'm still looking for various ways to use it. Though with headphone cords, it does go a bit brittle and can crack. Still, it's impressive stuff that has a million uses, I'm sure."
Very versatile for repair or modification of almost anything.  Easy to handle and sets strong.
I use this to fix many different types of plastic components and make wall clips for hanging items.
Went on easy on a rubber boot.  The comments from others who used this really helped especially using a spoon to spread it onto a boot.  It made it simple with no mess.  Going to use the balance on other items around the house.  Loved this product.
Works good
"This moldable glue is ultra easy to use - it's like shaping clay -  and according to the package, it has a ton of possible applications. I used my 1st single use packet in two ways. I reattached a magnet to its ceramic decorative ""stone"", using a toothpick to easily scrape away the excess glue that ""oozed"" out beyond the magnet when I pressed the magnet & stone together. Then I made four little ""feet"" for the corners of a bamboo trivet that had lost its original rubber feet. With 30 minutes available after opening the packet during which the glue material was pliable, I had plenty of time to get these two jobs done. These two small applications used all of the glue from one single use packet.

I expect I will find having these around for future small repairs will be useful. I did notice that there is a ""Use By"" date on the packets which, in my case, is about 10 months from when I received it. I feel that this is a fairly short shelf life for an unopened packet and for this reason, I gave the product 4 versus 5 stars."
"My mother purchased this for both of us because of the reviews. I used mine on my charger for my phone. It worked great at first, but after about a month the whole thing broke off. I had high hopes for this product and ended up being very disappointed. Its a great concept and maybe it would work better for things that you don't need to move or flex all the time."
"It will mold and gets hard,  but has veary little glueing power."
"Its just hype; may stay/stick on no static non moving areas. On cables and dongles, it peels off."
"I love Sugru.  Bought my first pack when they were on Kickstarter (or whichever site it was) and have bought some maybe once or twice a year since.  I've used it to patch shoes, make gaskets for a dodgy gas stove, replace a broken arm on a battery charger, fix broken tools and many other things.  It has never let me down.  This batch will let me fix another stove and replace a broken off clip holding an inside door part on my sports car.  Of course there is enough in a pack to fix much more in the coming months."
Product expires quickly. I wasn't aware it expired so fast and bought too much.
"This stuff is great for what it is.  I've used it for repairs, even down to mixing white and black to make a grey putty to fill a hole in my car dash.  Took a little work, but I managed to get it matched perfectly.

I'd buy more of this more often if the price weren't so darn high for the minimal amount you get."
I don't know how I have lived without this in my life! Yay!
"I hung a mop rack on the wall months ago and this stuff is hanging tough. Good stuff, pay attention to instructions, watch videos, I used too much the first time but I was able to remove the excess for another project I had but quick!  I was lucky that I didn't have to waste it. Maybe practice with play do first to get your size right. Works great,"
"Who is the genius who thought this up?  I wish it was me.  They're not re-inventing the wheel here, they've just made all those little broken things in your draw useful again with this moldable glue.  Instructions are easy: after opening packet, you have 30 minutes to create or fix and then let it set for 24 hrs and you're good to go.  It claims to be waterproof, heat and cold resistent, holds up to 4 lbs and can be used on a variety of materials.  Tips and ideas can be found on their website (sugru.com).  I used this to glue the sole of my boot.  Ive paid a shoemaker previously ($35.00) and two years later?  I have the same issue.  I've used super glue but that only lasts a few weeks.  I'm expecting great things and I will report back!"
"I have not used this yet, but I gave to packets to a friend who is very happy with the results and the directions."
Did not hold like it said it would.
"i want to love this stuff, but the few times i used it it didn't do what i wanted it to do. i tried to reattach a kitchen faucet to my kids play sink and it didn't hold up to them pulling on it and also tried to use to hold a broken plastic sword together but after it dried the end of the sword just fell off. but its super fun to play with"
THIS IS GREAT STUFF--DO NOT LET IT RUN OUT.  KEEP IN THE REFRIGERATOR
"I use these on the end of my lightning cords that plug into my iPad and iPhones. I got sick of replacing broken lightning cords. Works like a charm.  I do think the price is a bit steep for the amount you get, however."
Excellent!
"Ive used Sugru several times and I am a huge fan! Its like silly putty, but its glue! But it can also be used to shape cord carriers, hooks, charger cable protectors, and many other useful things. I used to to effect a seemingly impossible repair on pressure-held clips on a microwave vent. It might seem pricey, but its worth every cent! Easy to use, slow drying for fine tuning (sometimes this is very important!) and long lasting!"
"This is such a neat product!
It really fixes things that you might otherwise have to throw away.
I love all the colors, the uses for this product are limited only by your imagination.
Five stars."
I ordered this 8 pack and 3 of the packages worked just as advertised.  They were easy to mold and hardened into the shape needed.  I just opened the other 5 packages and they are all dried out and unusable.
"Didn't know if I could trust this at first, but it works wonderfully.  I've fixed key FOBs, a refrigerator drawer track, a marker shelf for a large dry/erase board, my grandson's toys, and more.  I'm always surprised how nicely it holds up."
"I first heard of Sugru on Grommet and immdiately bought some.  Didn't use it fast enough and turned hard on me after the 'use by' date.
I then ordered this package of 8 with 4 colors and did so with one 'fixit' in mind.  I have a Rollator (some people call it a walker but this has a seat and wheels so it's unlike an aluminum walker) which I use if I have to walk a longer distance than I want.  This rollator had a double
cup holder that I loved.  In taking it out of the car, this cup holder was broken where you screw a know tighter on the handle bars of the thing.
I wanted to sit down and cry as I loved the holder and wanted to really cry when I found that no one carries that particular one any more.
Even my favorite buying place, AMAZON.

So, I remembered Sugru  and looked on Ammy  and found it immediately.  I let it dry overnight, put it on, screwed it on tightly and VIOLA!  But I jumped up and down too soon.  Worked for one day and I guess the pressure on the tightning knob was too much and it separated, fell off and my drink went flying.  I shall try glue but I don't think that will give me a VIOLA moment.

This is expensive stuff; you gotta use it for other things once you open it to the air.  I feel sure it will work on many things but evidently not where there is movement and pressure.  My bad luck!"
"I've used Sugru Moldable Glue for several years now and am still surprised every time that it works so well. Small packets of ""silly putty"" type material that can be formed into most any shape, then drys and holds. My latest success was trying to fix the handle of a handmade wooden spoon which I had accidentally broken. I had tried fixing it in all the traditional ways (glue, small pin) until I thought of using Sugru. I placed a band of black Sugru around the handle and now the spoon is fixed and the band of black Sugru around it looks as if it was made that way. In this set there are 8 single use packets in 3 colors - white, black and grey. Once a packet is opened you should plan on using it all (that's the single use part), since after a few hours it will harden and be unusable. The color does get on your fingers, but washes off easily. Great product!"
"I used this to create a handle for my crockpot lid, fixed a handle on a broken measuring cup then used it to reattach my wheel axel for my tradh can. Within 24 hours it turns into rubber and works amazing! I still have a few packets left over. There is an expiration date so make sure you use it before that. Would recommend thos stuff to anyone!"
"Worked great for fixing shoes. Also used to repair a leak in the sunroof. Surprisingly strong and easy to use, millions of uses!"
"I have only used it once to repair broken plastic used under pressure. It worked better than I had hoped.

Update: 8-21-1018. Originally bought in February this year. The use by date is 2018-11-01. Opened another pack to use, it was too dry to work. Opened another, same thing. So it works good at first, but doesn't last, even when unopened."
This stuff is amazing!
Always a very useful thing to have around.
Used this product to strengthen the ends of my iPhone charge so the connections would not crack or split. Product held its shape for about three weeks and then cracked apart. Do not recommend.
"This the classic fixit for cables and other soft, flexible items that are torn or breaking. A few things to note. Once you open a package, you must use the sugru within 10-15 minutes before it begins to harden. A little goes a long way, so you will often find that you don't need all the sugru that is in a package. Unfortunately this excess will go to waste. Once sugru is exposed to air, it will harden within 12 hours.

The good news is that the cured sugru is surprisingly flexible and strong and it is truly the best option for fixing fraying iPhone cables and power cords."
"Only buy as much as you need.
While the product itself is fantastic, it is only so if you use it all up fairly quickly.
I thought i could buy in bulk, save some money and have it handy for if i ever needed it.
However it didn't work as planned. The sugru from the sealed packets that i opened a while after purchasing did not mold at all."
Perfect
"Like many others, I got this because my computer charger had started to crack. At first, it seemed great and I was super excited to have a solution. However, I have realized over time that this really isn't idea for deterioration around the charging end, which is where the issue is. I used the sugru to protect the portion of the cable that was cracking because it bends. The sugru doesn't actually solve the problem, though, just moves it further down because the cord has to bend at some point. I think the issue is that, while this stuff becomes flexible, it's not flexible enough for this. If my cord stayed completely straight all of the time it wouldn't be an issue. But to prevent wear from bending, this simply relocates the problem."
It works as advertised.
I was pretty skeptical of this but felt it was worth a try.  Tired of my charging cords constantly fraying where the cord meets the plugin.  Gave it try and wrapped it around that whole connection.  Worked like a charm!!  Still working great many months later!  Will be using it on the others and have come up with many other possible uses.  Glad I kept an open enough mind to at least give it a try! :)
"Wonderfully useful stuff. My only complaint is that the shelf life, even if unopened, is shorter than I would like."
I used this product once so far. It does harden as it says but still has a flexibility to it.
This stuff is amazing.  Pliable and strong.  Have used it to shore up a telephone cord.  Still looking for other uses.
"I LOVE this stuff!! It basically held my final intro to mechanical project together! The glue is very moldable and easy to work with out of the package but wait a day and it is very solid! Now it is still a little squishy, but for those specialty applications(making a charging cord holder for your bed, picture frame holder, project glue do it all substance) this stuff rocks!"
Sugru does ANYTHING! Have been using it to secure child locks on wood cabinets. Also great for fixing cables coming loose from their connectors.
"This stuff works.  I had a Kachina doll break and tried everything to fix it.  This was wonderful.  It is moldable and takes enough time to set to make it easy to use.  Once set, it is strong.  It comes in enough colors that you can match most items."
i loveit
"I used this to fix a broken plastic sunglasses frame and a ripped cable. It worked well for both. The only thing I wasn't expecting is that it smells TERRIBLE when it's not dry, like an acidic, acrid chemical smell. It's also very hard to smooth out. It dried with my finger prints in it."
These come in individual packets. We find they are hard to get the product out of the pouch though and can be messy with hands.
What's not to love about sugru?
"It totally works. I used it on a cord that was starting to break and it worked like a charm. It leaves some color on your fingers as you knead it, but washed right off."
"I used it for my dishwasher rack, which was rusting and needed replacement. The product has had no issues since applying it over 6 months ago.  This product I has allowed been me to delay the purchase of another dishwasher rack."
great fix for fraying MacBook cables
"I love this stuff! My computer cord was on it's last breath. slapped some of this on, and it's good to go for a few more years. I've used this for other projects as well."
Could see a lot of great applications if the price came down
"Great stuff, but a very short shelf life. Since you can't buy more than you can use at once, which makes it expensive to keep it stocked and handy when you need it."
It only lasted on my phone charger cord for about a month before it came un-stuck. It won't adhear to the rubber of the phone cord. I haven't used it for anything else yet.
Best invention ever!!!
"This is amazing! I purchased some of this product 5 years ago when it was first introduced. I used it to replace the running light on our Hyundai Elantra, a job the dealership quoted at over $400. The part was fine, still working, but a mounting clip had broken. I used thin ""ropes"" of the Sugru to outline the part and pushed it into place, then smoothed the outer surface to look like a seal. That part is still in place after 45,000 miles in FL heat, humidity and rainstorms! i also used it recently to repair a chip on the rim of a covered jar and to create a series of ""hooks"" to hold a lamp cord in place behind a console table."
"Our 30+ year-old-dishwasher has begun to lose the plastic coating protecting the dishes from getting rust stains. I used the Sugru to cover all of the little spots where the plastic had come off, re-coating the metal and covering the rusty spots. Now, although the trays look odd with their white, gray, and black blobs, there is no more rust staining my dishes. We use the dishwasher with hot water and heated drying, and the Sugru is permanently fixed - no melting, no missing pieces, no mess. While I am sad that I now have no good excuse to get a new dishwasher, I am thrilled that my dishes are not getting rusty spots on them."
"Love this stuff - it simply can be used in ways that other ""glues,"" can't."
Used it to fix cable of my Bluetooth dongle. it is just what I've expected.
"Nifty stuff.  Seems to do what it says,  but I think,its a bit over priced"
Amazing!  Fixed dishwasher rack and ice machine.  Saved hundreds of dollars.  So far worked exactly as expected.  I had a huge gash in my ice machine bucket and 2 packs of sugru fixed it right up.
Doesn't work on metal.
This thing can hold some weight. Its pricey but theres nothing like it so its worth it.
Pretty cool stuff. Seems to hold well.
Love this stuff.
Didnt work very well for me.
gave as an X-mas present to someone I just didn't know what to get. they LOVED it.
I used this to put up my Blink XT. I followed the directions and let it cure for 24 hours. I checked the connection to make sure it was strong. I attached the camera and a couple of hours later it was on the ground. Really disappointed as I didn't want to use the screws in the siding of my house. Returned it.
I have not really used this yet...just seemed like could be useful or fun someday
"I love the product, but they should have big bold signage that it has a very short shelf life, even unopened in the little sealed foil packages.  I just received mine April 10, 2017 - recommended use date is before Sept 2018.  That's about 5 months.  Although I had immediate use for 30% of the package, I'm afraid that the rest will expire before I use it.

Also, what is with ""Use Toilet Paper to clean your hands after molding it""  Paper towels don't work??  I think if you ask people to use toilet paper to clean their hands a bit of an explanation as to why should be required.  :-)"
great
Product works as promised and is awesome! Is definitely sticky; just keep this in mind when using.
Havent had much luck with this product.
"It says black and white 8-pack, but what I received was a 3-pack of red, black, and white. Both the white and the black were already hardened and could not be used. In fact, the white package had BEEN PREVIOUSLY OPENED, and then TAPED CLOSED! I wish I had noticed that when I received it -- I would've returned it immediately. The red product was still workable, but I have little to no use for red. I used a small piece to form a ring guard for a ring that fit too loosely. Other than that, this purchase was a total waste. By the way, it had not reached its ""best when used by"" date, but it was already hard anyway. WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN."
"I fixed 2 cords using Sugru about 2 months ago, and at first, the repairs looked real good. Now, however, both repairs have come apart--see pictures."
good idea great product but not for me hard to use expensive just didn't know how to use well because it was too small for my project I would have to use the  whole box
"SUGRU IS AMAZING!!! Its about the consistency of the modeling clay you played with as a kid, but it dries hard as a rock in fairly short ordermanybe an hour, depending on how thick you mold it. Ive fixed so much stuff with Sugruearbuds, charging cords, a little piece that broke on the lid over my cars hatchback. Really cannot recommend highly enough."
"Im glad I took the chance! My laptop is missing a screw on the backside corer of the base (The underside of the keyboard  Im not aware of the correct names ). The screw, one of several used to hold the base together is also used for the hinge of the LCD screen/monitor.  When the screw went missing the hinge became loose. Every time I would open up my laptop the hinge would push against the base opening the panel at the corner where the screw is missing.  My laptop isn't covered, I don't want to wait for it to be fixed and I don't want to spend a lot of money on it; Its an older model.  I was using a 4 inch metal clips to keep it closed.
 My product came yesterday with quick shipping.  I immediately tried it. I was unsuccessful the first time because I was rushing. I put the product on and stupidly opened my laptop up about 15/20 minutes later and that loose hinge opened the base and the Sugru broke apart and some of it crumbled like clay.  Honestly, it probably was doomed before me opening it because I kept messing with it, not being sure if I did it correctly. The second time I opened the laptop ( as though I would use it), clamped it with the 4 inch metal clamp - to be sure it would be tightly closed and then put the Sugru on.  I took one piece and broke it into two. I put it into different spots. I left it overnight. I put it on around 5:30 PM yesterday. I just grabbed it around 8:30 AM. Even in the humid weather it hardened  and is working perfectly!  Awesome product!"
I tried fixing a rip on my rain boots. I wore the shoes the next day and my rain boots ripped again. So... you can't fix rain boots like they say you can with this. I don't think it's that flexible.
"Cool stuff but realize how little is in each pack. I'd say it's literally about twice the size of chewed stick of gum per pack, so for many small projects you will even need more than one pack. Very cool stuff, though. Also, it must be used within 30 mins of opening so you can't use half of a pack and store the rest."
Awesome
It was real simple to make a bridge for my glasses and it feels and holds just as if it was a genuine rubber add-on!
my package was outdated
dried up. didn't work
works as advertised. fixed three phone cables.
This did not work. it never got hard in cold weather. a waste of my money
"This stuff works great, if you own a home its great for those quick little fixes."
"Still keeping my magnetic knife rack attached to the wall after several months, as well as a ceiling hook holding a  (very lightweight) lamp. Nice not to have to make more holes in my walls!"
"It works extremely well but is expensive.  I used the whole 8 tubes to make a new handle for a coffee cup.  The new handle cost more than the coffee cup.  Good product, just too expensive."
I bought this because the rubber on my Macbook cable was fraying. The only thing I wish was that they provided more white packets in the package.
A great product with many uses!
Great product that does what it says. Would recommend.
"Some coated plastics interfere with using this for repairs. But has been good for some items, like my plastic sports sunglasses. Just remember that even after it cures it is flexible so don't expect to repair rigid surfaces."
"I guess I expect it to be more of a sturdy fix rather than a flexible dried play dough-type thing.  I've found uses for it so it wasn't a waste of money, but if you're wanting to use this as a ""glue"" you won't be happy.  I use it to help keep my charger cords from bending and fraying so that's something."
Pricey but works great. Once it dries it last a long time. I use it to reinforce my lightning cables. I've also used it to reinforce an area of my dishwasher that had some rust on it and snapped. It's held on. I have not found another substitute to try yet. But I am sure they exist. It's not like this stuff cannot be replicated. Normally I use good old JB Weld. A little more mess but the results are the same if not better.
This stuff is great. Patched up a few extension and power cords. Used it for chain slap protection on bikes. Patched up kids toys. It's easy to use and has literally a million uses. Only complaint is that if you don't use it all up within a reasonable time it will dry out. So by in small quantities unless you are absolutely sure you're going to use a ton of it.
Really works
This is great stuff.  Highly recommended you keep some in your fridge and that you make use of it.  My favorite use of this was to repair a pair of cleated bike shoes that had cracked where they flex at the ball of my feet.  A new pair was going to be over $100.  For giggles I grabbed two packets of sugru from the fridge and repaired the shoes.  I got two more years out of them before they failed again.  Not too shabby.  Good stuff and very handy.  Just don't forget you have it in the fridge.  It is not expensive so make use of it.
Amazing
"Hardened nicely and was fine for about a day, but after that it just started cracking apart and became disgusting looking.  It was even harder to remove and left bad markings.  Do not use on something you care about."
Great product.  Works very well.
"Small amount, but used it to fix a black plastic piece of my bumper.  Use a rolling pin to flatten it out.  Expensive but it works."
This is really helpful gadget
"Very useful, a must have around the house. The only bad thing is the expiry date is so soon approaching."
Great glue - I used it on a shower door slide that I purchased.some weeks ago.  It's still holding strong.
Wow!!  Really cool stuff.
"This stuff is kind of pricey but it really does things other glues and epoxies can't do. I have created extra points on a couple different cameras I use, made a hook on the side of my toaster to hang the toast tongs from (this stuff is great on hot surfaces), added magnets to cabinet doors to keep them closed, repaired a broken handle on an electric griddle, and a bunch of other little things."
Excellent
Don't bother buying this you may as well buy Play-Doh for all the effectiveness. This bound to nothing when it was dry just itself.  I tried it a few different ways and the way they're showing their videos hanging stuff on it is a joke. Because it says in the brochure that comes with it don't hang anything from it so why are they advertising that as they use? Thought there were laws about false advertising in this country
returned
AMAZING!  The plastic trim piece broke off the top of our microwave. Without Sugru we were going to have to buy a new microwave or be stuck with an ugly site at the top of our over the range microwave.  Sugru fixed it perfectly. Looking for more things to Sugru!!
"This product is fabulous. I have used it to repair a broken ceramic spoon rest (which has been washed in dishwasher to no apparent damage), to reattach a metal handle to a metal fireplace poker, to reinforce a wiggly TV tray, to make a smooth protective cover for the fragile ends of various connective cords for phones, tablets, etc. at the junction of cord and connector, and many other repairs."
Has fixed 3 of the four corners of my headphones and will soon fix the 4th!!
This stuff is fantastic.  Used it on my charging cable and it is still holding.  Love that it dries to a hard rubber.  Has many uses.  This will be something I will always have in hand.
Just wanted I need to mount my GoPro to the front of my helmet.
"Works so far, but smells so bad!"
"These glue are magical! I bought them to save my iphone charger cable, which was almost broken. These thing totally save it!"
This is a wonderful product.  I've only fixed a few items with it but it appears to hold well and keep items together.
like
"Still looking for the idea to use it for, looked at YouTube and found many ideas that are nice to have but not worth the price of the froduct for the end solution (value for money)."
I got it because a little piece broke off the bottom plactic shelf in my fridge. It didn't harden like I needed it too. Maybe it was because of the cold in there. It just didn't work.
I used this around the post on sandles to make them more comfortable and stop hurting in between my toes.  Its like magic!
COOL
Dint work
Be careful here. This package has a mere SIX MONTHS expiration date. Never would have even considered this product if this had been revealed.
works as advertised.  terrific
"I have repaired so many things, I find it MAGIC!  I have fixed several pairs of shoes, picture frames, bumpers for my cast iron cooktop grate (which last time I ordered from manufacturer were mega expensive), cell phone cords, leather straps for my ipad case, built in coasters on my coffee cups (it doesn't come off in dishwasher - see tips for cool looking ideas) and I know there are more that I can't think of at the moment.  Get a package of the colors and along with the black and white, you can make any color you need. When you have a bit left over, make a little hook somewhere.

The only thing that didn't work out well was as pads under our kitchen chairs as they don't slide easily, so we went back to felt on our tile floors."
"Seriously amazing. I use it on my phone chargers to prevent breakage, I have had it on for months and have not had an issue!! Worth the money, and it is super easy to mold. I used it on other objects to block holes and everything and water doesnt leak through."
This s stuff is great! It saved my chargers
It works so well that I forgot what I used to fix with it a year ago! Bravo!
"Pricey, but unique.  In some cases, it may be the best option.  In other cases, it may be the only option."
Messy and ineffective
"This stuff is great. I used it for my damaged phone charging cables. It isn't the prettiest fix, as my friend says ""it looks like chewed up gum,"" but it works really well. So I am happy with it."
This works amazing for fixing the charging cables at intentionally designs to break right next to the connector!
Excellent! Great kit for the money. Love the extra colors. Works like a charm!
We've only used one packet of glue so far...but it worked as advertised and seems very durable.
Sugru is the BEST! I have used it to fix anything from computer desks that were falling apart to ski helmets with cracks.
"Works pretty good but kind of expensive.  Also you get very LITTLE in each package, so it's really only good for very small repairs and applications.  I used it to smooth my shower curtain rod so that it would stop knocking off the curtain hangers, used it for tabs on the HVAC vents that had fallen off, used it as rubber feet for various things, and stuff like that.  But I hear that you can make your own similar stuff with silicone and some other easily accessible materials. I'm going to explore that for large projects like custom phone cases and such."
"It's easy to use, but difficult to get thin enough to not be hugely bulky. Maybe just requires practice. Performs as promised on computer cables - have yet to use it for other things. Shame it comes in such big chunks though - almost tempting to wait til there are a lot of things to repair at once so as not to waste any."
I use this to fix things and hang things. I used it to mount Christmas lights and decorations last year. There's a chance some of it will be left behind when you remove whatever you're hanging so be careful what you use it on. If you have a pan scraper and some soap and water it will usually come off. There are a lot of different colors available so use whatever color is the closest to what you're fixing/hanging.
"Never works like the video, doesn't have adhesion strength like head says."
works as advertised
This is really fun to work with.
Good Product
Works as advertised.  Just be sure to wash your hands before molding as it will pick up any dirt from your hands.
Thanks
This stuff is pretty cool. I bought to try because I had a frayed power cord and it works excellent to seal it up
"Moldable, useful. A bit like forming clay."
Fixed my refrigerator handle and has been in place over a year. It really saved me from feeling like I needed to scrap the entire fridge since it was handless without parts available for the older model.
Works as advertised and super fun!
Great product as advertised.  Keep your hands dry before molding you form otherwise the product may start clinging bits to your skin.
It doesn't work what the instruction says. I used on my shoes it came off when it was dry.
Excellent product for Gluing the housing back together after Replacing batteries in BMW keys.
good
"I wish there was a way to reseal the unused glue so it won't dry up and harden by the time I need to use it again. It does what it says it can do, but you better use all of that one color when you open because it will dry up the next day."
It actually works pretty well!
ok
This is pretty cool. I successfully fixed 2 zippers and a door stop months ago and still going strong. Unsuccessfully tried to fix a shark grabber toy and it wasn't quite strong enough for that.
I am pleased with the product and have used it to fix charger cords.  I would check the use by date for the product. I purchased this in Oct. 2017 and used by for the Jul 2016.
I cannot get this stuff to adhere to any surface I have applied it to. Which kind of defeats the purpose. I would not buy this again
"I was so excited to get these, I've watched all the videos and imagined all the possibilities when I ordered them, then they got delivered, and I pulled out all my broken cables and random things to test these out, and the result was beyond disappointing!

first of all, it takes VERY LONG for them to dry, I get it that you have to leave it at least 24 hours, but that's with a very very thin layer, if you do anything more than 1/3 of an inch, you are gonna be waiting longer than a day.

second of all, it does not glut everything! besides our cables, it has not been able to glue anything else, including other plastics, vinyl, and wood. and even with the glued cables, the ends are open.

third of all, if you cannot use a whole package in one setting the left over cannot be saved!

forth of all, if they stick to your fingers, it takes a bit to get it off, and feels kind of gross.

overall, this product was so hyped up for me, and I was beyond disappointed when none of our things were fixed besides a couple of cables."
I have no idea how I've lived so long without this product.  I've repurchased already.
"Sugru is a must-have for the house! I usually leave it to dry overnight, but it dries faster than that."
"There are occasional repair tasks where Sugru solves a tough problem, and it's not clear to me what other method would have worked as well.  However it's absurdly expensive for the tiny amount contained in a packet, so I reserve it for only those uses."
"Such a great product. I used it on our electric blanket controls, made two little bumps/tabs so I could twist and scroll easily through the numbers."
"Made little nibs to cap the rusting spokes of the dishwasher - nothing came off, totally permanent. A money saver! Went through tons of washes and Sugru stays put."
Very small amount for the price and then once I got it it expires In 5 months. a big rip off
"This works great -- it's actually mostly solid pretty quickly so doesn't necessarily need to be set aside for 24 hours; I would set aside if you cared about exact form or fingerprints. My complaint is that it does mildly remelt when exposed to heat.  There are a few damaged areas on my Mac charger that needed the glue; when plugged it, the parts near the computer get a little soft and tacky again.  Worst case, I'll have to add on later, but in the meantime it has saved me a fortune since I don't have to replace cords."
"This product is really good, can save your day in many situation. For me the best thing about this product is that you can use in many different ways and many times is the only way to make things work. Been using this for some time and really happy with the results."
"It's pretty easy to work with, and I've found it useful for a few minor things.

A quibble: while the instructions say you can just wipe it off your hands with dry tissue, in practice I've found that it's very difficult to remove, even with scrubbing, and I'm left with traces of black stuff all over my palms and fingers for a while.  Probably best to use gloves with it.

I was hoping it would be usable to repair the bottom of a shoe, but it wears through too quickly to be good for that."
"I bought this to repair a lamp that attached to the wall and the thin rod that held the light fixture in place, the threading was stripped so it no longer stayed in place...I followed the directions and molded the glue around the part that would not stayed screwed in. let it dry and harden 24 + hours and as soon as I moved it, it separated right at the seam I was trying to hold together.....It is more like modeling clay but not as durable as it claims."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE so far I have ...replaced a missing knob on my kitchen aid, made a kitchen knob, repaired a cord, replaced a seat lock button and I still have more! Coolest thing for the junk drawer ever."
This was great. Helped me repair a beloved water bottle handle and actually made the grip more comfortable than before
"This glue is like a best friend that turns on you.  It is a fabulous glue as long as its a fresh package.  What the manufacturer doesn't tell you is that the glue EXPIRES.  I purchased the glue for all my offices and home.  It was the ""in-case I need a great glue"" supply.  When we finally needed the perfect glue, We opened a brand new package and still, it didn't work because it expired!
What a disappointment and a waste of money."
It can fix almost everything :)
Should have tried this earlier!  Ive had so many cords plastic or vinyl covering from my Apple products break & fray. This works amazingly to fix those. No doubt that Ill find other uses.
Have used the product before as a friend gave me a packet and works great. Very cool product that sets in 30 mins and fully cures to a flexible rubber overnight.
"This stuff is AMAZING!! I used it on my cracked plastic fridge shelving (new Bosch, go figure!) & to stick the handle of my electric kettle back on."
It worked great in a pot and on my computer cable.
"This stuff is great, I've used it to make a case for my cell phone."
I used it for some shelf separators and it worked perfectly. I actually searched everywhere for the original part but unable to locate what I was looking for.  A friend told me about this product and it works perfectly.
"I used Sugru to fix many toys, create hooks on stone tile, repair cords, patch cracked plastic, and seal a crack in my daughters shoe. Not a one of my applications have failed. Seriously awesome."
I found dozens of ways to use this.
"OK, this stuff is awesome.  I installed a new vanity and didn't want to put holes in it for the toilet paper holder.  My first attempt was not so good as I mounted it off-level, and tried moving the mount after the Sugru started setting (maybe an hour later).  Anyway, it fell off, but that was my bad.  When I looked at the failure, it was a break in the middle, from the move, but the parts in the holder and the vanity were solid.  I cleaned those off and tried again, waiting the full 24 hours before putting a load on them.  Still holding weeks later, after lots of use.  BTW, this is a heavy-duty Moen Oxby fixture, not some cheap and flimsy holder.  I also tried it for holding the Moen towel rack for a hand towel.  Again, still there; still solid.  I used screws for the bath towel holders, but in retrospect, I could have probably used Sugru for those as well.  I gave some of my used packs away, and hear great feedback on those as well.  Maybe I should have kept them.  Oh well, I can always buy more."
excelent!
"Cool product, and very useful for my needs."
Saved about a dozen apple power and adapter cords for me. Well worth the investment... much better than electrical tape.
Fun little fix it stuff
sugru perfect working
received with use by date of 2016 in November of 2017.......thus one star and a waste of money !
It was completely dry when I opened it.
The black color makes a huge mess on your hands. White isn't so bad. Definitely work it in your hands for a minute before applying to your charge cord or whatever. Let it air dry for 24 hours. I accidentally moved the first cord after a couple hours and it cracked so I had to peel it all off.  not sure if its as flexible as it says but Im sick of ordering iPhone Chace cords. I used the white on those.
I love this stuff. I just used it to repair the neck of my wireless headphones. Its really simple to use and bonds great to many surfaces. I e used it to reinforce my charging cables before they wear out and to put bumpers on things. The only thing that gets tough is when I see my fingerprints in the finished product.
Love this stuff!
THIS STUFF IS SO AMAZINGLY VERSATILE. THANK YOU SO MUCH
It?works?and?it?works?well.?Go?buy?one?if?you?need?one.
"Great product, works as advertised."
"I used this for a pintrest idea to make a string/bridge mute for my ukulele.  This sugru is super simple to mold and manipulate and then hardens within a day.  I can think of so many other uses for this, but for now I'm super satisfied with my ukulele mute.  Great product to have around for random house projects."
"Interesting product and yeah, once I open the package and start using it I found multiple places in my house/items that I can use this stuff for.  I can see why some ppl call it a moldable duct tape.  Though I did try to use it to ""repair"" a broken vacuum cleaner handle, but I think that area gets too much stress so sugru only lasted a few days."
Cant wait to try this!! Bought some for myself and for Christmas presents for guys who love to fix stuff.
Great stuff.  Fixed lots of things with it...works like they said it would!  I do repairs for people and it molds and holds!
"it kinda works, it cracks after sometime"
"I used a package of Sugru this morning to repair my broken phone charger cord. Within an hour of handling it, my hands were inflamed and in pain. They have become increasingly painful for 24 hours and are still burning.

I followed all instructions including washing my hands after and still had problems.

I do not recommend this product and certainly would never let kids use it."
"I buy this for my son, who is blind and he loves it."
"Love this stuff. Just wish it would stay useable one you open the i dividual packets if you don't use the whole amount. The rubber cover on our Prius hatch handle was dried up and cracking off. My husband patched it with the sugru and it worked great, saved us money and fixed the problem for years!"
"This is incredibly interesting and useful stuff.

I have a long heavy extension cord with the female socket improperly secured (individual wires visible between the socket and the cord cover). This molded over the gap and secured the wiring and saved the cost of anotehr socket and fussing with it.

It also fixed a gearshift knob on my truck, the auto trans lever's knob and broken off. With this I fixed it.

Only problem, it has an expiration date that after which it might not cure.???"
easy to use and has great to mold to different shapes.
what's not to love!?
"This stuff is awesome. I was able to fix 6 of my damaged iPod cables that were frayed, with only one pack. Only con is it takes 24 hrs to completely harden and dry. But well worth the wait."
"I am seriously in love with this product.  It does everything it says with no mess and is so easy to use!  So far, I have used it to fix my laptop cord, ear buds, and the antenna on my SUV.  Will definitely be buying more!"
This stuff is great!
Perfect for what it does
Eight single use small envelopes of an interesting but grossly over priced product.  More like a fixit toy. Yes it would be a useful product if more of it were offered. Now as it is sold it is a gimick that is cute but less than useful for serious repair projects.  Woul not buy again.
Amazing!
This stuff is amazing!! I have managed to save several charging cords from breaking.
"this stuff is great.
if you haven't, check the youtube videos, can get pretty creative"
Used this to jerry-rig our dishwasher. It seems to have worked. Hope we aren't poisoning ourselves.  The black color came off on my hands.
"Sugru, the handy man fixy glue/rubber.  There are so many possibilities with this item that sometimes you have no idea what to use it for but when you do you are glad to have it.  I have use it for securing bike pump to my bike frame by creating a gripper for my bike, fix a blow out valve tube in my turbo car, improve the fabric of my backpack, add bumpers on sharp objects, and improve the handle of my tools.  But do remember to stick these in the fridge to prolong the life.  I would buy multiple of these again but I already have too many."
"This stuff was a lifesaver for repairing our dishwasher racks. I was able to cover all the rusty knobs, and although it looks like a rainbow in there now, at least we won't be eating off of rust-soaked plates anymore!"
"This thing is incredible! However, the packs are quite small (like, a little-finger's volume worth per pack)."
This stuff works.  I watched several videos on eBay first and followed all of the manufacturers suggestions.  Our jumbo laundry basket had a large crack in the handle so I applied adequate Sugru to both sides.  I used painters tape to hold the handle in the precise location for everything to line up. I left it to cure for more than 24 hours.  It's been six months of use for that laundry basket and the Sugru is still holding.
very well
Excellent.
this stuff does not work as advertised. Very weak can be ripped or torn no problem. Also does not stick or bond to other materials like advertised. can be pealed right off. Waste of time and money.
"great stuff, does a fantastic job sealing up cords with rips on them."
Very cool stuff. Works just like it says.
"I used this for my worn out iPhone cable, and it kept it together.
I can definitely see myself using it with other stuff."
Bought it to repair a cord . Didnt work.  The cord worked when in one position.  After the product it would only work if u held it exactly right.  Should have just bought a new cord.  Btw I did buy a new cord after this didn't work.  Waste of time.  I wish it worked
I think it's amusing that for the price of about 6 charge cables here on Amazon you can do a pretty awful repair on one charger cable. For the price of about 50 3M adhesive plastic hooks you can make 4 out of surgery.  I think people just like playing with it.
"I love this stuff - incredibly handy if you're DIY, fix it yourself kind of person.  This stuff has saved me a ton of money!"
Weird.  Don't know how it's a big deal.  It's like silly putty but not fun.  I have yet to find a way to use it.  The toilet paper thing is werid too.
"I have purchased this product many times before.  It can be very handy for small fixes around the house.  I have used it to fix issues for a refrigerator and kids toys.  I have use it to reinforce failing cable coverings.  I have used it for creating cable management hooks.  It gives you a good amount of working time to get what you need done before it starts curing.  Not something I use everyday, but handy to keep some around the house for when I do need it."
"Easily used and activated.  I got this for creating an insulator for cables connectors/ sockets used in my engineering tests.  With the product description indicating it resists the thermal conditions beyond the min and max range of my tests, it suited my purposes.  I probably will, in the next test, allow the glue to harden for a full 24-hours before using.  It does set up nicely though at 70 C..."
Wonderful glue very handy works well for everything that I've used it for so far
I wish the packets were actually a little smaller because sometimes I only need a small amount and I haven't figured out a way to save the rest of the product yet.
Its okay. Not for anything heavy. Tried it for my pots and pans kids and it didn't work. I'm sure I'll find some other use for it though.
"Awesome for repairing my grand-daughter's tiny plastic play figures. Broken leg on Fuli repaired with Sugru and a sharpie. Rudolph got a new red nose and so on.

Also works for phone cases cracked charging cords and so on."
Neat stuff and even included a cured packet so I could see the finished product beforehand (end sarcasm). It is exactly what I needed though for a shower arm flange that doesn't sit flat against the wall due to a built-in trim piece on our surround. I used 6 of the 8 packets with the aforementioned cured one giving me 1 extra packet for another project. Pretty expensive stuff for what you get - about a ping-pong ball sized wad all put together for $22. It'll finish my project though so I'm glad I found it.
Worked great for repairing dishwasher rack that had rusted spines.  Has held up for several months.
This stuff is awesome.  Repaired my charging cable where the coating had begun to crack.
"So easy to use, I used it on a charging cable that had begun to split and now it is as good as new."
"I was skeptical only seeing this product online and not being able to see it in person. But it does what they claim and the item I repaired it is still holding up (a phone plug used daily). Great purchase and worth the money.
 Thankyou!"
Nice and functional.
Fixed my headphones that were on their very last legs. Super easy to use! I keep showing off this product to people
LOVE this stuff!!! Works just like is advertised. Very easy to use. I've tried it on 2 items so far and they are standing up to daily use. Sugru is still holding firm. GREAT PRODUCT!
Works as described!
Neat! Fixed my cell phone cord.....thinking about what else I want to do.....
100% recomendados
Great product Thanks!
Awesome stuff!
"I have been using it to fix the hole in front of my 2.5 years old kid. It is easy to mold and you can get a nice smooth surface with a little patience.
However, the rubber is not very sturdy and fades away as soon as it gets scratched against a hard surface. Still cheaper to buy a new pair of shoes every week."
I used this for my cast iron handles. I love it! I no longer need to worry about getting a hot pad to take off the lid. I can see many uses ahead for this crazy stuff.
"Easy to use. Molded it around an exposed part of the cord of my very expensive noise canceling headphones. Protects the cord from further damage while being sturdy, yet flexible."
Used for preventing the end of my phone chords from separating.  The glue hardens fine but cracks making it useless.
Used at my desk for multiple items plugged into several computers.  Very easy to use and makes fragile cords much sturdier.
"This stuff works! Each package has enough sugru to fix 2-3 small items (frayed cords, etc.). I used these to fix the plastic headband on some studio style headphones, saved me $$$. As mentioned before, there is quite a bit of sugru in each pouch (probably more than you'll need) so it helps to have a few projects in mind before use."
"I have little doubt that I am the only person who has ever had a MacBook power cord fray.  It was still functional, but it was only  matter of time before I would have had to drop $80 or so on a new one.  I purchased Sugru with the sole purpose of repairing aid cord.  it worked perfectly.  No, you don't get a lot of the product, but I suspect it's a tad more expensive to manufacture than Play-do.

It works for me."
Love this product. Used it today to fix a garden sprayer. Made a great organizer for my usb cables. Fun product.
"I recently replaced our wood fence with a block wall and needed a new way to hang my outdoor lights on the fence/block wall. After researching, I decided to try Sugru. I moulded hook shapes and simply stuck them to the block wall. The Sugru hooks hold my 100-ft outdoor lights perfectly!"
Does the job
Easy to work with will update after a few uses.
"I am so glad that Sugru exists. The charging wires to my laptop and phone were fraying and I knew that I would have to replace them if they detached completely. Enter Sugru. You rub it into a ball and mold it onto the area that needs to be covered. Leave it to dry overnight, et voila! You've got yourself permanent protection. Enclosed are photos of my phone and laptop charging wires."
Had a chunk taken out of the steering wheel and was able to fix it!
I got some and made a new foot for my PC and used 3 pieces of it to make what I needed and its been 24 hours since I put it on and the middle is still kinda soft but isn't sticky.
"It's not holding against painted wall!!!
They say you can hang something up to 2kg on sugru, but it's not holding at all.
The only thing still hanging on sugru is 500g wired mail box."
Very useful product! I love how I can use it for anything!
"This stuff is so useful and unique, once a package is opened it needs to be used.  Does not have a resealable package."
Just did not work well for me
"This thing really works!!! Excellent product , very clever."
"Used it to attach my GoPro to my motorcycle helmet. Easy to use, super strong bond!"
"The steering wheel on my car was flaking off in petrified rubber chunks. It looked like cr*p, but was still fully usable...except for the ugly chunks missing from where I typically keep my hands while driving. (No judging--the car is paid off and otherwise works fine!). I got some Sugru the same color as my steering wheel (black) and molded it into where the chunks were missing, as well as any potential chunk prone areas. Worked like a charm. It's been on there for at least a year now and has lasted during freezing temps, when the sun is beating through the windshield and the internal temp of the car is boiling point--all with remaining the same as when it was originally put on. At this rate, I'll have the Sugru my entire steering wheel...That's okay though, because it's my go-to solution."
"Works great, but keep refrigerated, it does have a shelf life."
Great deal on some amazing stuff!
"I just accidentally ran across this while looking for something else ... it is Fantastic! A bit pricey, but I don't know anything else that works as well. I use it to repair broken strain-relief fittings for electrical control cables ... avoiding the hassle of cutting, splicing, and resoldering to slip an ill-fitting rubber boot over a connector. This works (and looks) a lot better than heat-shrink tubing."
The product is five stars but I ordered an 8 pack and received a six pack.
I used it under my kitchen chairs instead of using felt and it was amazing for a couple of weeks and then it broke apart and fell all over the floor.
"Usually don't write reviews but this product was so horrible and useless I felt obligated to let all possible customers know not to buy this product. Matter of fact, I forbid any customer who reads this review to buy this product. Don't do it. Waste of money. In all seriousness though, it simply didn't work for me. Wouldn't even stick to anything.."
"I had heard great things about how this could be used to fix a frayed computer charger cord, but when I applied it it cracked and broke within the first week. It also dyed my fingers black from applying it for about 2 days."
Really easy to use and but I wish It come in a little more for the price. I did manage to get some of my kids toys fixed thought.
This glue is excellent. Bonds well and easy to use.
"Great product, useful for so many things."
"I researched videos, read endless amounts of amazing reviews, I absolutely couldn't wait to receive this item! If you see my photo, you will also notice how tiny the amount of product comes in each pack.  Exactly the same amount of a stick of gum. VERY disappointed!
If thats not enough for you, my package was expired. Opened it up and legitimately hard as a rock particles came out.
Returning because of the expensive amount and beyond deceptive details."
"I use this to repair leaks in my air mattress, and it always does the job, even as soon as I apply it.  Gorilla Tape is a failure compaired to this puddy."
Sugru is amazing and works well. I used this to mount my go-pro mount to my chin on my motorcycle helmet and it feels secure and looks amazing.
I received. Thank you.
Wonderful stufg
Works great!
Good product and seller
"This product is magic. I was skeptical at first when I saw the ad on this product and then, I tried it... It succeded where other products failed, I am impressed. I could stick black power cables on a painted aluminium gutter exposed to Florida's sun with no problem, even hot glue failed on that!"
"Purchased several months ago and I have used it 4 times. 2 of the 4 items have already re-broken (phone charger chords and a handle for a plastic hamper) and the third item I tried to fix (a cup holder) created a huge mess and I am not able to use it anymore. The only other thing that I have used it on since these failed attempts has been just to cover an exposed screw, this is the only thing it has successfully done so far. I probably won't purchase it again."
This stuff is way cool. Love to fix things I broke instead of going out and buying new!!! Great product!!!
"This stuff is awesome, but expensive. I left off a star because there is no way to only use a tiny bit (which is usually what you want), once you open the sealed pack it needs to be used. I have never even needed half the packet and then the rest is wasted. I tried wrapping the pack after using a pinch and it hardened to the point that it couldn't be used the next time I pulled it out so I had to open a new one. Works great , though"
"this stuff is the truth. Store it in the fridge for nearly indefinite life, use when needed. Fixed multiple items: ipod cables, xbox controller joysticks, cell phone bumpers....bomb. now I just want a pack of all pink!"
"This stuff is incredible! It can fix so many different things, I've already used a whole package that was gifted to me and I need to buy more!"
"Very Useful!!  I don't like how it expires, but Sugru told me to keep it in the fridge and it would extend the life"
Returned the item. There was not much actual glue in it.
I love this. It really keeps your phone charger cords from breaking.
"Sounded like a good idea, but it's worthless. I tried using it on the end of a lightning cable. It caused worse breakage due to the weight of the substance, and when I decided to remove it two months later, it was so soft I peeled it off easily with my thumbnail. Save your money and just buy a new cable."
Absolutely smashing stuff!! It fixes the breaking cord problem permanently!! Love this stuff!
"This is usually a great product but a buyer has to be very careful of the expiration date.  This was offered for sale a full year+ after the shelf life had passed.  I returned it and they made the refund but if I had opened it and tried to use the putty, it would have just crumbled."
"pricey
works well but will try to find another product that will work for my projects
It expires if you do not use it all quickly, and that fact makes the product double in cost I think"
Used it to fix my mac charging cable
"This stuff is amazing! I use it on just about any cord I've got laying around the house. I've used it to fix my favorite coffee mug handle. Patch various other items like my kids RC cars motor mount. Didn't think it would hold up to the abuse, but I fixed that 6 months ago and it's still holding up fine.

Make sure to let it cure fully before you use it. About 24 hours in my experience. But I'm also very patient, I'm sure it would be dry to the touch before then."
Fun to use and works well.
love it
"Once you have a few pouches of Subaru, youll find more uses for it then you could have imagined."
I was super excited to try this product but was very disappointed. I don't know if I got a bad batch but after curing for 24 hours at room temperature it became brittle and broke when touched/barely flexed.
This stuff is like magic.  Used it to reinforce my outdoor extension cord I use with my electric mower.  It was fraying at the plug but this made it super tough.  Even better than it was originally.
Best thing ever
This was my husbands favorite Christmas gift. Solves all kinds of little problems. He even uses it to fix his shoes. Got it again for him this year. Makes a great stocking stuffer for the practical person.
"Its just GOO, it never hardens into anything useful, it's just goo.
Worst case of misleading advertising I've ever encountered in my 7 years and thousands of products I've purchased from Amazon.
Avoid at all costs. If it's free it's still useless, unless you count getting your hands filthy black and want to spend 15 minutes scrubbing it off with a brush fun."
Remarkable stuff.  I've fixed the charger cords for my entire family.  Also repaired a vacuum cleaner.
It is unmallable and expired a year and a half ago
i used it to mold the grip of a competition air rifle so it fits my hand properly. Worked very well. I will use again.
Excellent product. Wish you received a little more.
"An excellent deal. Get it before you need it.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sugru-Moldable-Glue-Original-Formula-Black-White-8-Pack/dp/B00EU7DBNM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sugru Moldable Glue - Original Formula - Black & White 8-Pack</a>"
"Pack delivered has a use by date of July 1, 2016, over a year ago...."
Excelent
"just what i need

it's so good"
Amazing stuff.  One small packet allowed me to save two charging cords
"I was very (very) skeptical about this product so you can imagine how surprise i was to see that it held's everything i tried!
Create product, very strong glue"
Wonderful product!  Does a great job of making repairs to several items so far.  My IPad charger & on a the handle where the rubber had worn off.
have loved this stuff since before they were mainstream
Only sticks for a couple days.  Did not do what I'd expected.
Used this to revive my frayed iPhone cables - not too shabby.
Great Product & very reliable.
Really works!! This product does every thing it said it would. It even cleans up with tissue.
"I used it to attach some brackets to a lanai screen (metal to metal).  I had to remove them because of an impending hurricane.  The brackets were firmly attached for one year with out moving and with minimal effort, i was able to break the bond and remove all the material.  I just bought this batch of sugru to put the brackets back up.  The bond withstood Florida sun/rain very well.  I also used it to ""mend"" an old ipod connection that was frayed- so far so good."
Mostly good. Have had cracks appear in patch.
"It's really great stuff stuff but at its price point it becomes too hard to justify.. The packet are each too small too small and you feel like it's giving away gold just to use it. I think it is a good product but I would use it a lot more, and recommend it,  for more if the price wass brought down. A lot of projects I have in mind would require more than one packet and using more than one piece is not cost effective."
"not sold on this , it really isn't that hard for example jb weld is better."
Happy as can be!  This is exactly what I wanted and it was delivered quickly and efficiently with no delay.
Fantastic stuff!! Very useful for variety of projects!!
"This stuff is amazing.  Worked where ""Gorilla Glue"" failed."
Fast good product!
Love this stuff.  I get excited when something breaks so I can use it
Amazing stuff! It is amazing the number of ways that you can put it to use.
AWESOME. I love this product so much! Fixes cords that have poor connections too!
saved buying a $20 cord to replace frayed one.  and I have glue to use on ther projects.  works well.
Appears to be working as advertised.  Have only done single project so far.  One of our Honda Gold Wing headset cables was starting to fray at the connector.  Applied Sugru to reinforce as shown on vendor's Website.  No complaints at this point.  Also sent in a question to Support and received quick and friendly response.  Recommended at this point.
"Had in my draw for 6-7 months and when bring out to use its hard and do not work,  at no point did I open any of them
just guess normal room temp in Asia made it not keep well something nobody tell you"
Great for certain applications. Does not work well for apple power adapter strain relief - it does not stick well to the cable insulation Apple uses.
"Amazingly handy! Puts off an odd smell when handling and forming, it washes off. Pretty much exactly as advertised. When dried/cured it has decent strength, not excellent tear strength, but not bad. Definitely recommended junk drawer item!"
"I honestly haven't found many uses for Sugru.  I initially bought it to fix a broken key.  (Who wants to spend $100 for a replacement car key these days!?!?).  Keys go through more abuse than you think.  In/out of pockets. Tossing to someone else, etc.  You barely know that it's been fixed.  the Sugru holds up extremely well."
Good product:)
Bought on 8/17. Expires 1/18. Never going to use that much that quickly. By the time I noticed the return window had expired.
"It is pretty simple to use and it works. It leaves your hands a bit sticky, but clean up is a snap. My OCD friends my dislike as it is hard to remove all fingerprints after it is molded."
"Used it to strengthen some USB Nintendo 8-bit controller cords I just bought since I had bought some earlier that fell apart, and it's great...but not for $22.  The price for an 8-pack at the time was $13, which I thought was kind of expensive, and then it nearly doubled."
I bought it out of curiosity. They work surprisingly well.  I used it to fix my vacuum cord and mouse cable.
Good stuff at what it's good for.  Best thing I've ever used to re-creating lost laptop feet.  Not strong enough for repairing my bluetooth headphone neckband.
this is such a handy thing to have on hand.  I've fixed many things with it
"Sugru helped fix my hair dryer screen cover.  I'd dropped my expensive dryer on the floor and cracked the ring that holds the screen in place. I thought I'd need to replace the whole dryer or risk my hair getting sucked in to the motor when I dried my hair.  Nope, a little sugru and it is better than new!"
"Husband was really creative in using Sugru to 1) fix the sliding glass door of the cabin, 2) make a mini hook for me to put the lid on, 3)  fix the broken wire that was accidentally chewed up by our Roomba, and 4) fix some plastic part in the car that was making noise all the time.
I am a believer now.
Btw, I listened to the reviews and stored my sugru in the refrigerator."
It doesnt last and breaks/cracks easily.  Need to replace it often
"Amazeballs. Used a back of the white to repair a Macbook Pro power cable. They're not made like Apple used to, and they charge out the whazoo for them now. Did the trick excellently. I trimmed the jagged parts of the tear in the outer cabling, then used a light detergent to make sure the area was clean, then (after drying) applied the sugru and it's held up like a -champ-. This stuff is great."
Meh. Not as cool as it seems.
Super handy. Used it to glue a fridge shelf back together.
Worked great on my cracking iplugs. Only negative was the colors.
Helped me install a towel rack! Yay!
"I mainly purchased this to tighten up the internal cables on my bicycles.  Internal cables on bikes are nice but they tend to loosen and bang against the inside tubes, making a lot of noise.  Sugru allowed me to pull the cables tight and seal them against the frame opening.  It only took one pack for this.  I used the rest for a shower hook for my shower body brush. better than those suction cups that tend to lose suction after a while.  Will probably soon find more uses for the rest.
I'm a little surprised that there does seem to be anything else around quite like this product.  Seems like a product like this would attract imitators."
"So far I've fixed:
Earbuds
Charging cable
Laundry basket

What?? This stuff is magic. Remember that feeling as a kid playing with play doh? Like you can make anything? It's adulting play doh. Fix your stuff, or make it better. It leaves imprints or your fingerprints  (unless you go super serious and use sculpting tools), so I guess you can always prove it's yours...bonus? Shrug...I love it."
"Repaired a water bottle handle, worked great. Even the color matched pretty well.  I'd buy it again."
doesn't work  as adveertised
"It's alright, but not what I expected."
the balck it was very dry and i didn't use it
"I bought this product specifically to use on my broken/frayed iPhone chargers.  It worked Wonders! I used one package on two cords.  I probably could have used even less per cord since mine are a little bulky, but they certainly hold up and are still flexible!  Yay, no need for new chargers!"
"First I have used this....& I love it.
Fixed a pair of sunglasses (nosepiece) & have made a couple of ""hooks"" on the side of the fridge.
Going to tackle a pair of my favorite shoes next!!!"
Great moldable glue
This stuff is awesome.  I fixed my headset and made hangers for my curly iron and Instyler. So now the hang off the side of my vanity while cooling.
"expensive, could be a lot way cheaper. not good bang for the buck. these things should be dirt cheap."
"I used it to mount a camera to a helmet and it worked as expected, great product!"
"works OK, but would not buy again, especially for price"
"Do not buy this to keep!  Expiry date on all these packages is Nov 1st, 2017.  Got them in January 2017.  Stored them inside a cool, dark cupboard.  Wanted to use it today, Oct 9th 2017, and for the 10 packets I have opened up, they are all hardened.  They don't stick and don't mould any more.  Complete waste of my money.  Only works if you get it fresh and use them immediately.  Now, I have to throw away 30+ packets.  Totally disappointed."
"A moldable, flexible, waterproof glue? I keep finding uses for this great product!"
Wounderful stuff i have fixed and used this stuff so many ways! I'll buy this many more times!  Total 5 stars!
Worked like a charm to repair a very difficult break!
Wow this stuff is so usefull! I have used on everything from phone chargers to making a shower hook and fixing a mug. Even customizing a jewelry box with fancy initials. Just a helpfully hint:make sure you are ready to use a whole packet because even sealing it in a zip lock and sacking the air out still let's other harden so you will loose whatever you don't use of it
"This stuff is great, I would buy stock in every color if I didn't have to take out a second mortgage to afford it! Really though, I love the stuff. It fixes things that I had formerly deemed unfixable. It's really a domestic life hack like they say. It's cost prohibitave though for some tasks, and I'd really be interested in a 100% non-conductive version. I've used it in combination with liquid tape to circumvent this limitation, but that takes twice as long to dry.

Anyway, buy this stuff, but don't go broke!"
Good stuff.  Wish I would have known about this sooner!
"Doesn't stick, melts easily. Go with super glue instead"
"Very cool stuff.  I used it in place of electrical tape on my laptop power cord, and it looks much neater and classier than a wad of electrical tape with the inevitable dog hair wrapped up in it."
Oops. It was pack of 8 individual single use packs - not 6 as my review said. All were hard and dried out 2 weeks after expiration.
"Man this stuff is expensive, but it sure does work!"
Did not work for several projects
Saved my computer and phone charger! Great to keep around when raising a puppy for reliable wire repairs.
Awesome! I fixed a puncture hole in my water container with only 1 small pack. I didn't worry about toxicity cause I just put some layers of cling wrap underneath and wrapped the sugru on top. Save money! Don't worry about toxicity.
Cool Stuff. Great for many things.
I love this stuff.  It's great to work with and it works well for lots of different applications.
"When the glue dry it's not like really hard, steel a little bit soft,it is not like a real glue can  starch  two things together, but I like the color and I use for the charging line protector,it's looks worked."
"Did not stick. Tried to attach with super glue.  Still, DID NOT STICK !
What do I try next to keep this thing together ? ? ?
STEEL  EPOXY  RESIN ? ? ?
.
Hello seller...  Tell / Disclose your goo does NOT WORK WITH PLASTIC !
."
"I used this stuff to ""glue"" two pieces of plastic together. It lasted about two weeks and then came apart.

Two stars because I might find other uses for it."
This stuff does everything. My ceramic coffee mug's handle broke. I made a new one with this stuff and it worked perfectly! Even dishwasher safe. Incredible stuff!!
I found what it won't stick to...dashboard in Toyota Sienna!
Works as described. Used it on 2 iPhone chargers with good results. Not so easy to make it pretty but does the job.
doesn't work in very cold environments
"this stuff was supposed to be a miracle material, but I have yet to find anything useful to do with it because it won't stick reliably to anything I've used.  Mostly plastics and metals."
old stock
Good product!
"Received super-expired product. Sugru has about a 1 year lifespan, the pacakage I received in September 2017 expired August 2016."
This stuff only lasts so long.  Might be good for temporary fix only. Will not buy again.
I bought this to try and fix my rubber boots. WOULD NOT WORK. I tried over and over.
Works well. Need a resealable package.
Exactly as described
does not work well at all
Used this on my dishwasher to cover the rusted parts in the washer. It's been the for several moths and takes the hot water with no sign of coming off
Half of the package had already opened and leaking packs of the molding. It's dry and pretty much useless. Super disappointing
"worked perfectly for a specific project, mixed the blue and yellow to make a green mold that worked a charm"
"Excellent stuff. I applied it to a door stop, between metal stem and rubber end, waited 24 hrs, and bam! Stuff worked. Afterwards,  added as a seal to soap dispenser lid and it worked too."
Fabulous product! Easily repaired the cord to my iPhone charger when electric tape didn't work. My son repaired his leaking sink (which had a hole in it - and it now does not leak!). and used Sugru on the bottom of his dining room chair legs to protect his hardwood floor. Worked great! I've repaired several things with it and am very pleased.
"It is a great product at first. Very easy to use and mold into what you want. I didn't use this product immediately and sat on it for a few weeks after I purchased it on prime day. Today, the charger I fixed with this product is broken even worse because this stuff snapped right through the Sugru. I did nothing but keep my iPad charging on this all night. I did not try to test the elasticity or wear of the product, I used it for simple charging needs. The picture will show the damage better than I can describe but I am very disappointed. This was on my charger a month and I expected more than a quick fix that would fail so soon. A new charger it is."
"I haven't used this product as much as I thought I would... however it solved a loud problem very elegantly.  I used the white sugru to mold a small ""door bumper"" and placed it on the door frame at the point where the door first touches the frame. That little ""bumper"" makes closing the door a quiet affair rather than a ""wake the house"" event.

I also molded a strain relief for one of my iPad cables which was getting crimped and it straightened that problem out."
great product  little pricey  but does the trick
"amazing, saves money on a ahndyman"
Need it stuck together? This is what you need!
this stuff is amazing!
"I love Sugru! It works great.  I would say the only bummer is once you open the package you have to use it all or it will cure anyway.  I just fixed my charging cord even though it wasn't broken yet because those cords always end up breaking so it was a good prevention.  I fixed my fridge shelf, two charging cords and my trash can base."
not very sticky and very brittle. can expire in the bag after a few months. very cool concept though
"Love this stuff!  I wrapped the end of my cell phone cord where it plugs into my phone, the wires inside always break right there!  Gives extra protection!"
bought to protect iphone charging cord and it still broke . . .  haven't tried it for anything else yet though
"I LOVE this stuff!! I just used it to fix a copper bird feeder that was missing a plastic part. I rolled out a packet of Sugru and made two balls to take the place of the missing part. 24 hours later the Sugru had dried into a pliable rubber and I didn't have to throw out a copper bird feeder. I'm buying more Sugru today to give to my relatives. There are videos on YouTube on ""fixes"" that Sugru can make. It is really a miracle fix for many things."
"Amazing stuff.
Lives up to all the hype, everyone should have some at home.
The crappy plastic dryer door handle on your 6 month old Kenmore dryer broke off, replacements out of stock and cost fricken $38 bucks?!!!
It's Sugru to the rescue, place a nice thick bead around the edge of the poorly designed Kenmore dryer door  handle , press it back on and ; Presto it's working again!
This is the fix for all the planned obsolescent appliances and other products!
Thumb your nose at those greedy bean counting Corporations!"
"No complaints, love using Sugru to make small fixes. The only issue is that I have to find products to fix with the same color variety that I have now."
Does not work well in charger cords. A waste of money
I purchased this to repair my broken charger for my MacBook and it works great.  Key is to follow instruction and let it cure for 24 hours.  I wish they came in more variety of colors but it's great!
Good.
"Based on other reviews, I used this to repair a frayed iPhone charger cord. It did not hold after a few days. This was the reason for my purchase. I did not use it for anything else."
this stuff is awesome!
"Not quite as easy to work with as their videos make it look, and your finished product likely won't look as pretty as their examples, but its performance characteristics seem to be just as claimed.
Of note: plan to use up ALL of a packet once you've opened it. If your initial project wouldn't use it all, plan some others and get items staged to use it all."
"Its easy to mold. But, not very strong, even after the advertised 24 hrs. And it has a weird chemical smell, which you have to wash off with soap thoroughly. I would invest in something more solid for the purpose of hanging things. While sticking, it leaves the color a bit on the surface around. So, if your walls are light colored, brace for some of the color on the walls. I was excited while buying this, but now not so much"
Horrible horrible producto. Useless
"This stuff unfortunately won't fix everything, but what it does fix is fixed, and easily.  Note it will go bad over time even if package not opened, so order what you need, and order more as you need it."
This stuff is GREAT!!! I fixed my laptop power cord and it looks great and fixed it perfectly.  Certainly cheaper than buying a new power cord! It's very easy to work with.  I'd recommend it!
"Package was incomplete and only contained six packets, not the eight I paid for. Actual product review will follow receipt of the two missing packets."
Wonderful for all sorts of repairs. Just fixed our garden hose and our pond.
"LOVE THIS STUFF!  It does exactly what is says it will do - I used it on all my charging adapters to save them from fraying and unraveling and it works!  I also used it to make cord holders for both of my laptops, IPAD and IPHONE!  LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!"
Overall this has worked ok - not stellar but ok. I purchased Sugru to reinforce and color code the many device charge cords in my home prior to a family road trip. The color coding worked great (but electrical tape would have done the trick there too) but the reinforcement of the cable joints on either end have cured so firmly that they are not flexible and have detached and cracked off the USB and lightening plugs no longer serving to protect those weak points. I have one packet left -- not sure what I'm going to use it on but something that doesn't move a lot is my best guess.
I have used it for several repairs. It works pretty well.
It worked!  Wasn't difficult to prepare.  Didn't have to buy new phone cord
"I bought the product in the end of February when I was purchasing a new cord for my cellphone, they got here at the same time and that was great. However over timeI started to notice the charger wasn't working as well anymore and that the sugru was moving down the cord and was no longer covering as high up as it had been. I finally peeled off the pink sugru and underneath the cord had broken, now maybe I am wrong but I expected sugru to protect a brand new cord and keep it unharmed for more than six months? I know I've had other cords last longer without sugru and am very disappointed and underwhelmed with the product. If I were you I wouldn't waste the money"
"Not for every use ,it will be good if you want to glue or bond something that is static or light weight ,also you have about 30 min to work with it.
Don't use it where there is a pressure on the glued part."
I've used suceesfully for a few repairs.
"For whatever reason, the Sugru packets I received were not completed sealed and some of it was already rubberized. I would imagine this is a manufacturer defect."
Freaking awesome stuff.  Get it because you'll need it at some point in your lifetime.
Works great!
Tried to repair a plastic back scratcher.  Nope!  May be good for something else in the future.
"Amazing product! I have used this on recharging cords,crock pot lid,a pair of scissor handles,etc."
This is the best. I used it to hold up my light cords on my spackle ceiling because I have ceiling heat and can't use nails.
"Coolest stuff ever!  Used it to secure a few things, including the littlest wiring on my ear buds that was coming loose.  Easy to work with and works as it says it does!"
Not flexible as expected
"I've been using this product for a few years now as a means of fixing/enhancing various objects around the house.

This particular packet is going to be used to route all the cables I have running in my car.  For instance, my GPS plugs into the 12V socket, but has a cable about 6x longer than is needed and dangles all over the place.  I have one of those magnetic phone mounts that clips into a vent, but running a USB cable to it leaves a dangling cable that I constantly pull out when entering or exiting the car.

One or two packets of this Sugru will fix that problem perfectly, but will also come right off when it comes time for me to sell the car down the line.

This example, I believe, illustrates the usefulness of Sugru quite well.  I've used it on a Ryobi Drill to make the trigger easier to grip, several USB cables to prevent them fraying to death, and several other electronics to either cushion my grip on them or to hopefully prevent damage to them when I inevitably drop them.

I'd recommend this product to literally anyone and I believe it should be part of anyone's toolbox."
Works exactly as described!!
"I had three packets left over from my original purchase of eight packets a year ago.  They had an expiration date of August 2017, which is the month I am writing this review.  I opened one of the remaining packets.  It was a little drier and stiffer than I had remembered, but I kneaded the Sugru thoroughly and applied it to the tool handle I wanted to repair and really worked it in to get it to adhere to the tool handle.  (The metal tool handle was covered with a rubbery kind of coating to improve grip, and this coating had torn away.  It was this coating that I applied the Sugru to.)  However, after allowing it to cure for a few days, I was disappointed to see that the Sugru rather easily peeled away from the surface I applied it to.  What do I do now?  I used it by the expiration date printed on the package.  The Sugru I had wasn't stored improperly; it had been sitting in a drawer in my home since purchase.  I have used other packets from my original purchase with good results, but it seems that this stuff doesn't really last as long as its own expiration date.  It seems rather expensive to use when almost half is unusable a year after purchase.  I don't know if I will buy any more."
"I tried to use this to fix my fraying laptop charger, big mistake on my part putting it on exposed wire. The charger kid of worked before and after putting this on it, didn't work at all. I think I may apply it to my new charger to prevent fraying in the future, but just a note, don't use it on any exposed wiring."
I used it to repair the lower handle of my Cuisinart Work Bowl. Easily moldable and doesn't leave residue.
Good product. Surprised it cost less through amazon than the actual source.
Amazing glue
"Excellent solution, should have bought more pieces ,"
Maybe I'm not using this correctly. My wax melting Scentsy dish had a crack in it so I figured I could mold it closed with this material long story short didn't work.
Works just like it is advertised!  I would buy again!
"My family put this product to the test on my iPad cover that was ready for the garbage (now back in use), on the zipper pull of my make-up bag (looks cute and useful now), to reattach the handle on my son's favorite coffee mug that we nearly threw away, and on my curling iron where the protective cover on the lever had broken off (new life for a curling iron that would have been headed to the dump)!!!  We will buy more and have many more ideas on how to put Sugru to work!!"
"I purchased in the end of 2016. First tried to use it to fix a hole of shoes but it did not work. It was easily off. Recently eight months after my purchase, I tried to use and found that it was dried out even though it was not opened before. I was so sad. Is there any way to get a refund???"
"I've just used this once to fix an iPad cord, and it was great. Works just as advertised."
Great product does exactly what it says it will do
"Easy to use, cures quickly, cute colors.  Like clay, you have to watch your fingerprints if you don't want them showing up, but overall no complaints."
This thing works! I used it to fix my iPhone charger and MacBook charger. The only thing is that any dust or fiber in the air would stick to the rubber while it's hardening so I ended up with dirty-ish looking but fixed cords. It does it's job!
"Overall I'm happy. Didn't work for a plastic water filter attachment on the sink (probably had to do with pressure), but saved me 50bucks from having to buy a new door shelf on the refrigerator...seriously why the ^&*( are refrigerator replacement shelves so expensive)."
"This stuff is awesome, my Pop figure was accidentally dropped and her leg was amputated but thanks to Sugru we we're able to patch her up and make her a walking boot. The sugru starts off like putty and you shape it out how you want it and within 24 hours it's pretty firm. One of my favorite charges was starting to tare off at the end exposing the inner wires,  I just spread some of this Sugru and bam no more exposed wires. Seriously this stuff is awesome. 2 the"
Works effectively as advertised. Recommended to friends to solve their problems.
"It worked well allowing me to create a wheel that broke in my dishwasher, though using it on my waveski riding waves in the ocean it started to come off."
"Good but expensive.
I would give it 5 stars if it worth the money, I don't think so."
Love this product for quick fixes.
used b-4 always find another use for these keep in frig
My car cables now have their own place
"Works great but too expensive for the amount of material you get. Also once you open each packet, you must use it all or risk losing it."
"After applying the product onto a laptop charger wire and allowing it to harden for 24 hours, the result was a fragile crumbly mess which was nothing like the product advertised. After a few careful movements of the cord, the product crumbled and detached from the wire.

I would not recommend this for any application."
"Works great, I find myself looking for broken things to fix with this stuff! Easy to use and lasts once you made the repair"
OMG what this stuff can do!  It's nice to be able to buy this much at once.  It was shipped fast and arrived fast.
"This stuff is awesome. I used to to make a gro adapter for my motorcycle helmet. Works like a charm, I have absolutely no worries about it coming loose or breaking off."
Worked perfect!
As expected. Moldable to permanent fixer upper adult play doh.
"I'm finding all sorts of uses for this product. Bought it fo my charging cords, but have repaired a pitcher and vinyl flooring. Cool product!"
Amazing stuff.  Sealed leak on a oil pan
WORTH THE MONEY & DOES WHAT IT SHOULD
"Be mindful that this product does not last forever. You cannot buy it as a ""one day if I need it"" sort of ordeal. It does go bad and does not work like it should. I used it once and I bought an entire pack not knowing it. When I did use it, it didn't do anything but look like clay over something. It never turned to rubber.."
works as advertised
Stuff seemed to work well around charger ends and what not but within a month it's cracking and this is a charger that never leaves the room it's in and is used about once a day
Nice stuff works great for specific projects and small repair jobs
Works well
"I did not believe the hype about this product until i finally bought it. I used this to fix the spokes in my dishwasher, they were rusted at the very tips and it was rubbing off on dishes. This did a fantastic job creating little damper nubs for the spokes tips. Best of all it only required 1 packet for the whole dishwasher (about 100 spokes).

It has actually been a few Months and the stuff is holding up great, a small bit broke off of one spoke but it is still covered. this product is worth it in my opinion."
Maravilloso invento
Too expensive for the small amount of product. The white worked okay but the black was awful. I ended up throwing the black piece away that I was working with. The black got all over my hands and on the outside of the piece I was repairing. It DID come back off but required extensive rubbing.
Just as well as I expect
"It really works as advertised.  I used it to restore an old pair of Oakley Flak Jacket nosepieces for Asian Fit.  The rubber sets in about 6 hours but full strength in 24.  Easy to work as modeling clay but 1000% more useful.  I can now order standard lenses to fit my Flak Jackets.  No need to buy Asian fit frames with their specific asian fit lenses.

The applications for Sugru and their colors is endless."
"I tried this on a plastic track that cracked on Sunday August 6 . I had all the pieces of the track. The sugru still has not set its been 4 days.
I was very disappointing in this product."
This is one of my favorite products EVER! I have reinforced all of my phone cords. I even repaired some of my favorite sandals the other day. SAVED my sandals!
Best
"I was on the fence about this product for a while. I thought, ""Maybe I won't be using it all,"" and, ""This is pricey."" I finally bought some (during a sale), and used all of it for a weekend of fixing. I had to buy more.

 FIXING PREVENTION 
I like preventative care, so I will ""fix"" things before they have a chance to break. I used the Sugru to reinforce all my important electronic cables: laptop cables and adapters, iDevice cables of all types, AC power cables. One packet might be able to reinforce 2-3 cables (on both ends) depending on how much you use.

 HOW TO USE 
Wash your hands, and wipe down the parts of whatever you're fixing. Cut on the dotted line on the packaging, scrape the Sugru off, roll it in your hands and start applying it to whatever part you want. You have half an hour to use each packet. I was worried about time at first but I've been pretty good at using one packet in under 20 minutes.

I think what you get in each packet is a perfectly balanced amountenough to use within the 30-minute time frame. I suggest lining up what you will be fixing so you aren't left to wonder, ""what can I fix next?"" in that 30-minute window. It's kind of funny when you open it you're wondering what you could possibly use this for and you feel it might be too much in a pack. After using it, you realize you need to open up more packs as it was not enough.

Let it sit and don't touch it for 24 hours, don't let it touch other things as it could stick to it. Give it 48 hours if the thickness is over 3mm.

*** TIP ***
If you apply Sugru on cords, use gravity to keep cure Sugru straight. Example: if you put Sugru around a bent cord end, hang that end with something slightly heavier attached to straighten it out. Once it's cured, it should be a straight(er) end.

 FIXING BROKEN THINGS 
Here are the things I used Sugru for:
 Fixed and reinforced a swimming goggle nose piece
 Added a bumper feet to a toaster that was off balance
 Reinforced my TV adapter cables with a layer to prevent future frays
 Reinforced headphone cable joints
 Glued my 10-year old teapot lid back on
 Reinforced straps on two pairs of slippers
 Reinforced Apple's Lightning to 3.5mm adapter (because that cord is really thin)
 Added flat bumpers to my wobbly TV remote
 Reattached a piece of plastic to a kitchen appliance
 Sealed the ring of an insulated cup
 Patched up holes in several shoes

 STORING UNTIL NEEDED 
One of the first concerns is storing this for later use. Their website says you can store it in the fridge, so I store it in a Ziploc and keep it there until needed. It can last up to 13 months. (However, I used all 24 packets I had within a month; lots of preventative measures!).

 THINGS TO KNOW 
This can stain your hands, especially the black. The official instructions say you can wipe yourself clean with some toilet paper, and surprisingly it works to an extent. You can start with the toilet paper, clean off any other residue with soap and water, and then more toilet paper.

 SUMMARY 
Sugru is so versatile and easy to use. I wish I had bought it sooner and I had to reorder two more packs after two days of fixing. It has saved me money from having to rebuy broken items (saving hundreds of dollars), and it helped restore and reinforce things that couldn't be replaced! That itself is worth the price. Recommended!"
"Be warned..this product a
has an expiration date on unopened envelopes and once opened MUST be used.
Once the air hits it, it begins to cure. It is flexible only if rolled out paper thin."
"This product is the, Go to, when needing repairs. I have an LG headset that wraps around your neck. It snapped and I thought oh no, I have to spend money on a new one!! Nope!!! I got the Sugru and wrapped it up and it's good as new!!"
OMG! I am finding all kinds of uses for this stuff! I will never not have some on hand!
"Underwhelming for sure.  Some ok applications, but it's not as strong or flexible as advertised."
It never worked for me.
"The product works great, but I ordered a pack of 8 (4 black/ 4 white)and only received 6 (3 black / 3 white) ..."
"The pack is a little pricey but I find it is a good investment to have some individually wrapped packets on hand in case of emergencies. I have used Sugru in the past to prevent my Apple laptop charging cord from fraying (replacement charging cords can cost $60-80 at least!) as well as for headphone cords, which get a lot of movement and are sometimes not terribly durable."
Amazing stuff. Used it on a few things so far and it works perfectly
Excellent!!!
My current foster cats love to chew on cords. This saved my iPhone charger!
Wonderful stuff.  Sticks on anything & holds things together.
"A friend successfully patched a radiator hose that started to leak, and it held long enough for him to drive ~50 miles home!"
LOVE IT!!!  Worked like a charm!
Very nice product...
Great thanks
"What a brilliant idea!  WORTH EVERY PENNY!!
  This product has already begun to save me a small fortune in replacing my iPhone chargers and Mac computer charger cords, the cords tend to fray & separate leaving exposed then broken wires after constant usage & abuse (or mischievous pets).

 I've been using this every day and it's still nice and rubbery & very flexible with % protection.

Haven't used it for anything else ""yet"" , my computer cord was days from being trashed with exposed wires and this innovative little gem spared it as you can see in the photo.

I love the color variety and look forward to finding other uses, if I had to complain about something it would be that there's such a small amount in a package.
If you don't used the entire package when you open it, make sure you tape it up or seal it extremely well so it won't be exposed to air for any period, otherwise it will harden and not be usable. (And you won't want to waste this fabulous stuff)

HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!"
Bought it to repair the ends of my charging cords.  Worked great !
I use this on my charging cables so they don't get worn out near the ends from bending. Makes them last a lot longer.
First two tried were failures.
Wonderful product. Used it to fix my dishwasher and some electronics cords. Works great!
This stuff is pretty cool!  Have found 1 thing so far to use it for.. but I am sure there will be more uses!
Pretty cool.  Not sure if as strong as I hope still waiting to see.
"The person who owned my house before me didn't do an amazing job on some of his ""repairs.""  Cue a leaky PVC pipe attached to my A/C.  I tried multiple options to reattach it, but they all leaked.  I saw Sugru Moldable Glue one day on a ""daily deal,"" and decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad I did!  It's held for months now, with no leaks.  It was easy to use.  I will definitely be using it in the future."
"This stuff is awesome. I used some in my dish washer to keep some of the top rack pieces from moving and so far (6+ months later), they've held great."
"I was on the fence about this product for a while. I thought, ""Maybe I won't be using it all,"" or, ""This is pricey."" I finally bought some (during a sale), and used all of it for a weekend of fixing.

 FIXING PREVENTION 
I like preventative care, so I will ""fix"" things before they have a chance to break. I used the Sugru to reinforce all my important electronic cables: laptop cables and adapters, iDevice cables of all types, AC power cables. One packet might be able to reinforce 2-3 cables (on both ends) depending on how much you use.

 HOW TO USE 
Wash your hands, and wipe down the parts of whatever you're fixing. Cut on the dotted line on the packaging, scrape the Sugru off, roll it in your hands and start applying it to whatever part you want. You have half an hour to use each packet. I was worried about time at first but I've been pretty good at using one packet in under 20 minutes.

I think what you get in each packet is a perfectly balanced amountenough to use within the 30-minute time frame. Just line up what you will be fixing so you aren't left to wonder ""what can I fix?"" in that 30-minute window. It's kind of funny when you open it you're wondering what you could possibly use this for and you feel it might be too much in a pack. After using it, you realize you need to open up more packs as it was not enough.

Let it sit and don't touch it for 24 hours, don't let it touch other things as it could stick to it. Give it 48 hours if the thickness is over 3mm.

*** TIP ***
If you apply Sugru on cords, use gravity to keep cure Sugru straight. Example: if you put Sugru around a bent cord end, hang that end with something slightly heavier attached to straighten it out. Once it's cured, it should be a straight(er) end.

 FIXING BROKEN THINGS 
Here are the things I used Sugru for:
 Fixed and reinforced a swimming goggle nose piece
 Added a bumper feet to a toaster that was off balance
 Reinforced my TV adapter cables with a layer to prevent future frays
 Reinforced headphone cable joints
 Glued my 10-year old teapot lid back on
 Reinforced straps on two pairs of slippers
 Reinforced Apple's Lightning to 3.5mm adapter (because that cord is really thin)
 Added flat bumpers to my wobbly TV remote
 Reattached a piece of plastic to a kitchen appliance
 Sealed the ring of an insulated cup
 Patched up holes in several shoes

 STORING UNTIL NEEDED 
One of the first concerns is storing this for later use. Their website says you can store it in the fridge, so I store it in a Ziploc and keep it there until needed. It can last up to 13 months. (However, I used all 24 packets I had within a month; lots of preventative measures!).

 THINGS TO KNOW 
This can stain your hands, especially the black. The official instructions say you can wipe yourself clean with some toilet paper, and surprisingly it works to an extent. You can start with the toilet paper, clean off any other residue with soap and water, and then more toilet paper.

 SUMMARY 
Sugru is so versatile and easy to use. I wish I had bought it sooner and I had to reorder two more packs after two days of fixing. It has saved me money from having to rebuy broken items (saving hundreds of dollars), and it helped restore and reinforce things that couldn't be replaced! That itself is worth the price. Recommended!"
Good product idea but the problem is it dries out very quickly if you don't use it. I bought several packs and they all expired and dried out way faster than I could find uses for it. Not really worth the price. It's also difficult to wash off of your hands.
"I love this product. I am as handy as I can be, but for the things I can't replace, there's Sugru. I used one packet to fix an old washing machine's silicone ring, and another to fix a big hole in a pipe. Both repairs went extremely well and I'm super pleased!"
so far i have only used one and from the results of that one i love these.
"Easy to use, works great."
This stuff works great!  I used it on my hummingbird feeder with the piece broke off which allowed me to hang it and it worked great!
"You can't go wrong with Sugru!  I use this for everything... from fixing broken cables, to garden tools that break, to attaching computer wires to my desk, ad nauseum... It's amazing what you can do with this.  If it were less expensive and lasted longer, I could see having a ton of it on hand."
"Great Stuff and does everything it states BUT use the whole packet when you open it because it dries no matter how you store it. I had open packs in a ziplock and they dried, then put it in the fridge as someone here suggested, in a ziplock, it dried....even sealed it with my food sealer ( no air touching that sucker) and it dried. BIG disappointment and lost at least $30. Don't use it enough to justify buying it again."
very cool stuff
I am not used to bad products from Amazon.  This did not last one use after the 24 hours wait.  I needed to add to the bumper on toilet seat after installing bidet. To expensive to be a victim of advertising. Drat!
"At first is was surprised at the texture, a bit 'drier' than expected, the next day after curing it was as flexible and fully cured."
"Depending on your item, one pack may be enough for more than one repair."
I used this to mend a plastic piece that was chipped off on the exterior of my microwave. It has held up and blended in with the plastic on the appliance. I also repaired a pair of eyeglasses and earrings with it too. I highly recommend this product.
"We thought it sounded too good to be true, Wow! we were wrong. We had great success repairing two charging cords and one badly damaged set of headphones. The black looks great on the headphones and the white is staying white on the cords. We highly recommend this for any repair of this type."
I thought this stuff would be a life saver but don't believe the hype.  It is difficult to mold and i have attempted to repair several iPhone wires with sugru and all repairs failed after a few weeks!
"Item holds true to name, and has helped me repair all of the holes my cat has chewed in our wires. I think it's a bit like polymer clay when it drys and you put it on thickly, it's lightly bendy but too far and you just break off a chunk(this was what happened to my first test)

Overall a Pretty great product though, certainly nothing like it on the market."
Comes in handy when something breaks and needs to be fixed. Great for the end of your phone cable so it doesn't fray from all the bending.
"Total crap - just wish I hadn't sat on this until return period passed. Went to their site for instructions on how to use, encountered a lot of other crap, no instructions on wrapper, somehow mixed it molded it and voila ! nothing happened. It doesn't stick to any darn thing !! Must be another product driven up by fake reviews. Got to watch out from purchases from a once trustworthy site."
I love this stuff.  I have loved it from day one.  It's so easy to use and makes repairs that are normally impossible - easy!  Before you throw out something that will cost you a hundred dollars to replace...try repairing it with some of this great mouldable glue!
great
great
fun and practicable
"I love Sugru. I've used it to  make measuring cup handles more comfortable, create bumpers for my phone case, keep parts from rubbing on our motorcycle, make feet for an iPad stand, to name a few."
Great stuff.
"So in the beginning it worked great, until it of course my phone charger cord started a new break in it just below the Sugru (about 6 weeks later), then I had to cover that.  Basically you might as well just replace the phone charger cord because eventually it will just keep breaking until I guess it completely covered. It was a great idea & will buy you some more time before having to replace your phone charger or I guess it might work if you cover the entire cord (won't be flexible)."
"First impressions: This stuff SMELLS. I think I might've gotten a mild high off the fumes while working with it... Also, the use-by date on my Sugru is April 1 2018 (I received my package on the 22nd of July 2017), which leads me to believe that I may have received an old batch.

While these things made me go ""hmmmm..."", ultimately I am pleased with my purchase so far. Review may be updated later on to reflect future thoughts."
"one of the best products we have tried, as useful as duct tape."
"Sugru works as advertised, but the packaging is such that if you have a small job, the remainder of moldable glue cannot be sealed and saved for a future project. Very wasteful and expensive"
Love this stuff. I keep looking for new ways to use it. I even used it in a dumb Brita water pitcher that allowed the water to easily slip out of it at the handle. I used this stuff to plug the hole. Voila! No more water on the fridge shelves.
"I didn't try it yet, but it's helpful."
"Great stuff. It saved me from buying a new upper rack for my BOSCH dishwasher and a new charger for my I Pad, a wire rack for my pan lids.
I have bought it more then once for repairs.
Once it is open it has to be used or it is no good. More then worth the money"
Did not work great.
"Clever little product. I mean, to be clear, this is duct-tape-level stuff here; you'll always be able to find a use for it. So, you're probably better off buying it now even if you don't think you need it. You will. And you will think of me when that moment hits you that the reason you're so very satisfied in life at that moment is, in large part, due to that one dude who wrote that review on amazon. Now, add to cart."
It's just great.
This stuff doesn't work. I'm left with a bigger mess than I started with. I would not buy this again. I tried it twice on two different things before tossing the remaining packets
Worked as expected.
I shipped some dishes from AZ. And some got broken the one's I could fix I did with this it was a great find..
This is a cure for life. Works great on EVERYTHING. I've used it to create things as well as fix. Make sure to give a full 24 hours or more depending on how much you use. Awesome product
Life saver!
"This stuff is amazing!  I have now made a new handle for my curling iron (that gets really hot), and fixed a broken piece on a nut chopper (that takes a lot of impact).  It has held up without a problem."
use to fix charging cable and repair a toilet plunger and worked well.
I got this for my son-in-law for Father's Day.  He was excited and thinking about all the things he could use it for.
"I've used this for several repairs now and haven't been disappointed. I've used it to fix a cracked headphone cord in multiple places (they're $100 earbuds so I want them to last) and unlike the Plasti-Dip I tried previously and which only lasted a week or two each time, this stuff holds up. It hasn't worn or flaked despite daily use of the headphones. I also used it to repair a plastic drip tray that melted in the dishwasher with similar results. The only disappointing thing is that you have to use everything that comes in the pack at one time and can't save a little for another time by sealing the pack up again - it dries out regardless. Minor complaint though."
"Works pretty good, I had a little trouble molding it but over all holds up good."
"Tried to use it to make a small latch, didn't hold together my project together, but I am sure I will find other projects that this product will be fitting for."
Works well. Fixed a bunch of charging cables and power cords. Gave them a second life. Mold it on the damaged area and let it dry.
I use this for all types of repairs and for things that I know will need repair like the cords to my devices. I put this on near the connector before it starts to kink and break. Put it on my flashlight on/off switch where the rubber just squashed. Fixed on of the supports in my fridge that held up a shelf. Many uses.
This stuff was terrible.  The black got all over my hands and made a mess.  It also didn't do a thing to help repair the iPhone charger which was the reason I purchased it.  All it did was make a mess. Terrible.
"Works great, will have you looking for projects"
Nice
Great but pricey.
"versatile stuff.  i've fixed a teapot spout with it, attached some vinyl veneer with it, and fixed little odds and ends around the house.  I even built hooks and hung a bullatin board off of it.  Theres a hook i made out of suguru that i attached to my wall to hold my swiffer upright in the closet.

all in all, I Really like the stuff."
Bought to repair a key fob. Broke after 2 uses. It was only holding the weight of the fob. I guess I needed to make it really thick to make it work. Not impressed since it was not cheap for how tiny it is
"It works great at first, but the packets I used later on were less soft."
Everyone should have some at home. You'll find all kinds of things to shape it into and fix something or make something work better for you.
fantastic!!!
Best stuff in the world...I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
"This stuff is amazing.........#2 kid lost the rubbers form his sunglasses, I made replacements from this stuff. OMG, it's the shizz!"
Great for reinforcing electrical cables. Also used for fixing a strap on a Garmin watch. Will order more when I run out - it has become an essential.
Works as advertised.
I bought this product in August 2016 and used it on a couple of projects and it was excellent. The packaging has an expiration date of August 2017. I opened a couple of packets today (July 13) to work on another project and the sugru is so hard that I cannot roll it into a ball or have any use for it. I suggest that you should be more reliable when specifying an expiration date or change the formulation or packaging so that it can last longer. It is a good product but the packaging should reflect the correct information.
excelente
The pouches are tiny. You will probably need more than you think so splurge and order the larger size. Love it.
Good for some things. I tried in vain to fix a pair of glasses that had broken. So it doesn't work for everything. I will use it to back opals for setting tho.
"Thought I was the only unlucky one..Then I came up to Amazon and found another user who has the same problem. I bought a pack of 8 in November 2016, used one then put the rest in my desk drawer. They all have expiration date of August 2017.

They were great when I used them the first time. Now is only middle of July 2017, but they all are unusable. All dried up inside their sealed foil package. For the price, I could buy me new cables! So if you need this expensive thing, use them all up when you get them. Otherwise, trust the expiration date on the package and ready to be frustrated."
Great item to repair cords.
"Love this stuff, great for mounting parking sensors on cars."
"I bought this 8 pack and used one of the white and one of the black packs.  It worked amazingly well & indeed cured into a nice flexible rubber.  However, I just opened the 6 remaining packs with a 5 Sep 2017 expiration date and found that they were all hard and unusable.  It should have come out of the pack pliable and moldable.  Instead, it basically crumbled when I tried to use it.  Too bad that the Sugru expiration date is unreliable."
"As a family of 5 with many different devices, I used the different colors to color code everyone's chargers and ear buds. No more fights over chargers, cords, and earbuds, plus they are nicely reinforced. I can't wait to see what else we can do with it."
"I think I'll like this product more next time I use it.  I was very conservative in my use of the product to make rubber feet for the chair legs of a vintage patio chair.  I wish I had used 1 pouch/leg as the little caps/feed I made pop off when I move the chair.  I think it's a ""more is better"" product."
Aaaaaaa++++++++++great
I used it to fix the veggie tray in the fridge.
You should use the hall amount in each in envelopes once open. White and black one from each and that's ont enough in coper with orher couler there is two from each
Sugru...where have you been all my life?!
"SO easy and fun!  to use, and so useful! I don't know why everybody isn't buying and using this stuff. Just used the blue envelope to repair a swimming pool vacuum head (the part that connects it to the pole), saving us about $40!"
"This is a great material, and very handy. The one downside? It's impressive just how little is in each of these 5g packages; enough to make a ball that's about 3/4"" in diameter. Some of those hip ""Sugru Projects"" you see around must take up two, five, or even more packages."
"Super cool stuff. Super easy to use. Holds up,to Arizona summer heat."
As always good but expensive
"I love it , not the price, I wish it was cheaper because is a little bit of the product per pack!"
Works great but it smells awful.
Discovered this while traveling when a passenger next to me was charging their laptop at the airport. I asked him where he got it from and he said it was Sugru glue from Amazon. I ordered it as soon as I got home and my brother and I love it for our charger cables!!!
Did not read small print about keeping in fridge.(Where I normally keep food.)  Eight months only one repair and rest turned hard.  Very expensive repair.
"I used this to repair my wife's bedside phone charger cable.  It is awesome.  I was able to put the Sugru down about 3 inches of the cord.  Despite being applied fairly thick; it's flexible enough to move however she wants when in bed and charging while looking at her phone.  She was very happy with the result.  Having both black and white on hand is nice.  I haven't tried mixing to get gray, but I don't see why it wouldn't work.

I'm actually contemplating putting a thin layer on my pistol rather than add a tape product to the grip."
I am a FIRM believer in Sugru. I encourage a lot of people to try it. It works great for SOOOOO many things.
"I think I'm a Sugru evangelist now! No, not paid or any connection to the company... just love this stuff.  Takes some practice to make hooks of the size and ""bendiness"" desired, but they work great."
"I think I'm a Sugru evangelist now! No, not paid or any connection to the company... just love this stuff.  Takes some practice to make hooks of the size and ""bendiness"" desired, but they work great."
SMALL AMOUNT. Can't do much with a dime sized ball. Save your money and buy Velcro.
Muy Bueno
"If you have a smart phone/tablet/laptop power cord that has the outer plastic/rubber cover come loose or pull apart from the plug... you MUST get this product.

I wish I knew about this a year or so ago.
I had 3 cords that I wrapped in electric tape... which worked ok at first, but slowly came loose and made the cord sticky.

Then I saw this and wanted to give it a try.
This is wonderful.
I purchased the multicolor pack.
I have only used the blue ... but divided it up and placed it on my 3 cords that needed repair.

24 hours later (even sooner) it is like a brand new cord.  Very pliable and secure.

Easy to apply (a little sticky at first and left some blue residue on cord/plug ..... which I later easily wiped off with a tissue) and looks wonderful.

I highly recommend this product."
"I buy this product mainly to fashion a ring around my charging cords that are tiny and hard to push in. It also extends the life of a cord. A little costly. But it does work. It expires in the little packets so you can't hang onto this for years to use ""someday"" . Watch their videos."
"This stuff is so useful and cool. So far I have replaced the little rubbery feet on my laptop with this, and my daughter's hooks on her key fobs that had broken. In the past, we even used it to replace a seal around our brake light that had perished. A couple of dollars saved us from having to buy a whole new brake-light unit."
"Used this product on a missing grout 1x1 inch hole underwater in my swimming pool and after two years it is holding up great.  It was easy to use, molded easily into the area, hardened underwater and has stayed in place."
"This stuff is so cool. Fixed a pot lid, headphone cord, laptop cord, usb cord, car key fobs, and a few other things. And that was with just one small packet! Highly recommended."
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS STUFF. It's amazing that it is so moldable and hardens to a perfect hardness for my application. I used it to cover the wires exposed on an electrical cord. The jacket of the cord had slipped out of the connector bottom just a bit: Not enough to pull the wires loose, just enough to bug me. I used the green and decorated it with design markings that I applied with my screwdriver that made it look like the cord was built that way. I can't wait for something else to bug me so I can use another packet of Sugru!"
Love this stuff!
"Is there anything Sugru can't do?  I've fixed missing blind handles with this stuff, created handles on travel mugs, shims for computer monitors to get them at the precise angle I want."
"Finally used this stuff to fix my charge cord for my phone. It was very easy to use, just roll it around a little in my hands then form around the area where the cord meets the plug. That's it! let it sit for a day and you're good as new. Seems like this is something one wants to keep around for certain repairs. It's not a fix all but it's a perfect fix for some things."
"I used this on a few things around the house, worked well on two of three projects I had."
maybe i was too optimistic but its not appropriate when its used in humid areas
I used this item for so many things. It's just a great product.
"so far so good...
I have only used part of a package, then I wrapped the remainder in plastic - I am wondering if it will still be useable...Time will tell.
The part i did use was to fill a small hoe in a go pro case. It filled well and trimmed well to the shop I wanted to use it for. I am happy with the product, even though it is a bit pricey to purchase in Canada."
I love this stuff! It fixes so many things!
"I use this stuff for everything! Such a handy item- it's good to have extra lying around just incase. The most recent and most useful project I used this on was sealing a leak in my van: I changed the windshield out myself and damaged the edges of the frame that holds the windshield in- it would leak when it rained- I sealed it with this and it's still going strong. I've used it for video game controllers, phone chargers, gluing things into place and sealing various small leaks"
Pretty cool stuff covered my cable and definitely feels sturdy
It's an amazing product that could fix anything I would highly recommend it for people who like to fix stuff around the house
Having fun finding uses...Stroke counter now attached to wristband of range finder....love it...in the fridge resting.
Got this to repair laundry cart wheel. Working great so far and easy to use
Fixed a few plug-ends that were beginning to break. Now no need to replace them. Saved over $150 by saving the cables.
I used Sugru moldable putty glue with color on my iPad Pro case MoKo frosted transparent  it's stuck nicely the colors are brown orange green that matches the leaves on the back of it
I used it to mount mobile shower head in my shower. I tried other adhesives but none worked. The Sugru glue has held up with no problems.
Works great mold it to what you need let it dry. I will buy again in other colors
"The patch is not durable, see the picture attached."
"I've had success and failure with sugru. Today the last thing I ""fixed"" with it finally broke. I've had it last a week or a few years. Let's just say, it isn't forever."
excellent.
"All iPhone lightning and Mac laptop charging cables from Apple end up fraying at the strain relief eventually. Not only was I able to repair 2 lightning cables with one packet of white Sugru, I also replaced an 8"" gooey tape repair job on an old (vintage?) laptop charging cable with a 2nd single packet from the 8 pack I bought! (So 2 packets = 2 lightning + 1 big laptop charger repairs). I freaking love this stuff!! Best money I ever spent."
"A terrific product I use it on wires, earbuds, tools, potting base for wires to keep them from moving, strain reliever for wires, and can be kept in the fridge to have it keep for a long time.  I always make sure to have some around."
Best father's day gift ever.
"Love Sugru.
I travel A LOT and you know what, things break... or I have a need to help a friend fix or attach something. Sugru should be in every glove compartment, toolbox, or travel kit.

I could write a novel on how much this stuff rocks, but all the other reviews really do cover it. It's super easy to use, doens't smell bad, plenty of curing time, the fact that it is flexible allows for any ""hacking"" of fixes to remain fixed.

In a jamb, I had to make a copy of a key. I called up a locksmith and asked if he could make a key from an impression. He couldn't...but, he said if I had more sugru, I could make a molded replica of the key and THEN bring THAT to him and he could replicate the key."
"This is a great product for my purposes of embedding material inside of it. I used to use epoxy, which was runny, smelly and provided mixed results. I can knead my materials in the Sugru, put it exactly where it needs to go and it stays. When dry it is semi flexible, but will crack if flexed too much. The only reason for the three stars is that in my last two 8-pack orders, two of the Sugrus were hardened inside the package. They are expensive, and this is costly."
Works surprising well. very happy.
This stuff is great
So far I like it!  I used it on my Apple iPad cord so it doesn't crack.
"The idea of this stuff sounds great, and if you buy it to use immediately then probably fine. But if you are thinking of having it around in case you need to fix something, don't. SUGRU has a limited life; it becomes hard and unusable even in its little foil pouches much more quickly than a tube of silicone glue. I bought one of these packs and couldn't use any of them. :-("
Amazing gadget to have
"good for repairing usb cords, that's about it"
It did fix that thing! A broken pot lid. Have used and washed it numerous times...no issues.  Highly recommended handy product.
The glue is excellent but I think the amount is too small ....
"They are pretty cool, but a couple of the packets, the sugru was already hardened, before I ever opened it."
Every cord that I used with this product dried out after 2 months cracked
This stuff is amazing !!  I highly recommend it !!  Worked just as described. I will be ordering more as soon as this runs out.
Used it to repair the back plastic automotive brake light.  Stuck well to the clean plastic and held the bulb in place.  Way less messy than epoxy or liquid silicone sealant.  Slightly pricey for the amount you get but still way cheaper than a new light.
"Each project I have attempted so far has been a success.  One point I would make is that I have learned that once you open the small packaging, you should use the entire bit.  The first project only require half of the gray.  I tried saving the rest with an airtight wrapping, but it hardened anyway.  This truly is COOL STUFF!"
I bought this to try to fix a spout on a beverage container.  Works great - I used a little bit and it stopped the dripping.
This stuff is sooo cool.  Its super strong. I YouTube'd the product for creative repairs.
"This is like moldable clay with a very, very weak adhesive property. DO NOT buy this if you need something non-porous to be securely adhered. I would advertise it as modeling clay with mild adhesive properties if I was the one selling it. It came off some (clean) plastic with almost no effort after it cured. Returned a day after I bought it."
This stuff is amazing!  Every hobbyist and tinkerer needs to check this stuff out.
Go gonzo making things
It dries like rubber once molded.  It is very hard after it dries and very strong.  The problem they don't send you enough to work with.  It's only good for very small jobs.  You can forget about large jobs.
MAGIC. I use them to hang small plants.
Only wish it came in resealable packaging in case you don't use it all.
"I fixed the iPhone cable and it works perfect, but I've been very surprised when I used it to fix my son's I pad cover, I've rebuild one of the corners of the cover and after a few months of heavy use it's still in place."
"What more can I say about Sugru other than it's AWESOME?  I used black Sugru to replace part of a baby stroller rubber handle grip that had deteriorated, and within 24 hours, Sugru had fully repaired the functionality of the stroller handle!  You could barely tell the grip was repaired.
 Amazing."
"I found out about this item.  I knew immediately that I had several uses for it around my apartment.  So far I have used it to fix a lid for my aquarium, make a hook to hang up a cork board and to affix an alarm to my front door.  I have a few other fixes that may use up all the rest.  I would buy this item again in a heartbeat."
The expiration date is 2013 and you can sure tell it's old. :(
"Useful, Practical, works better than expected. Best invention ever. Girls rock!"
"Wayyy too pricey for what it is, but works quite as expected. I'd just rather use something else when I can than using this product to replace glue, tape and other fixing materials."
It best for wires that broken.
"Not happy. Was so excited how easy it went on, dried over two days, phone cord split in same place right thru sugru in less than a week. Back to glue and electrical tape"
"Best product to fix 99% of all problems: fixed pots and lids, shower hoses, electrical connections, chafe gear on my sailboat and under foot support  after plantar facia tear and more."
perfect
"Great for waterproofing, adhering multiple materials, mounting items, etc. I've purchased this in the past and will continue purchasing it going forward"
"Used to attach and glue something to my vehicle dashboard.
Very easy to work with. If it holds through the summer heat and winter freeze I'll be thrilled."
works great.
Pretty dang awesome stuff. Only thing is it's a bit hard to let it cure on some hints without leaving some fingerprints or other impressions.
works like usual
This stuff is amazing. I'm loving it and I'm watching new videos everyday for other things to make/repair.
"Handy to have, works great, have found projects for it I didn't think of when I purchased it."
Finally used this stuff. Pair of ear protectors that are at least 15 years old finally fell apart. The one ear piece had some molded plastic basically holding it onto the band and it fell apart. Was able to mold this stuff into a matching part and reassemble the ear piece. It actually matches so well I can hardly tell what side got fixed! Have used the ear protectors multiple times since fixing now and has held up just fine. And since this was so successful I'm going to fix another set of headphones with it also. Pretty cool stuff
"It was the only thing that has held the end on this curtain rod that I use outside.  After three years of the ends falling off because of the wind, this has worked.  I'm going to use it on a few cords too.  I wish though that I could keep it fresh after a package is opened when I only need a little bit.  So far though, it has done the job I needed it for."
Nice product. Fix almost everything.
Imagine Play-Doh on crack. Perfectly maliable & can be applied to any project that needs some fixing. Stays semi flexible ones it cures.
This is awesome! I will buy some more later.
"This stuff is great! Works just as advertised. Takes a little practice and patience to mold and texture it the right way, but even ugly repairs work well. We're enjoying fixing/making things, and will definitely purchase this regularly. It's brilliant! Highly recommended."
Didn't realize it expires after 6 months!  I won't use all of that in the time frame.  I was trying to keep it on hand for emergencies.  I really need a project to make this useful.
Works perfectly as a replacement stove knob. Looking forward to finding other uses for it
"Sugru is the best product out there for basic repairs or do-it-yourself projects with cables, electronics, or small repairs on almost anything. I've used it to reinforce phone and laptop charging cables, on a desk to hold cables in place, and making ear buds fit better.  Sugru has more applications than you could ever think of.

I always like having some on hand to fix or improve basic household projects."
It exceeded my expectations.
"This product would be great if the color didn't come off on your hands.  When reinforcing ends of charging cord blue color also spread beyond where I wanted the reinforcement on the cable.  It was a white cable.  The color went beyond edge of the Sugru reinforcing material.  Not so easy to shape reinforcements for charging cord. Color on hands is as difficult, if not more difficult, to remove than super glue.  Had to use ajax on hands and still not all off.  Think it has potential but not right yet.  Template for reinforcing cable ends would help.  Took me a long time and not happy with my results."
This stuff worked as expected. It covered issues with cords where my dog chewed them up.
"Great product, it works according To the description."
"This stuff is amazing! I used it in the bathroom to hold towel rings and towel hooks in an older house that usually rejects me drilling into it's walls. It holds heavy wet towels very well and I have big plans for this stuff all over the house
 I got inspired on the Sugru website and on YouTube. And a little goes a long way!"
"...but i waited for the sale. Works like intended. Waited at least 24 hours for it to cure. I used it to patch up my laptop charger since the wiring came loose, it's safely rated for consumer electrical items with an output <24V, now time will tell if it holds up!"
"My wife and I watched the promotional video from Sugru before buying it and were impressed, so we ordered it.

It works as advertised. i.e. it's pliable like putty and is hard as rubber in 24 hours.

HOWEVER: Working with it is not as easy as the video shows. The video shows that it's easy to shape. In reality, it's somewhat difficult to create shapes that are perfectly smooth. Also, it tends to sag, Nevertheless, it allows you to fix things that would otherwise be difficult or impossible to save from the trash bin."
Fun stuff.
"This stuff is like magic!  You need to give it 24 hours to set, so be sure you give it enough time to dry.  But I've already fixed a broken car key and a knob on a guitar quickly and saved me a bunch of money.  Will definitely buy again."
Useless
"Able to use it to mold earbud-customizations that have made a world of difference. Like many, stock earbuds weren't meant for my ears. They never stay in. With Sugru, I've been able to make very comfortable augmentations that are both very comfortable and very secure.  I had to further carve/shape the Orange one (shaving down, removing some excess material) to make it perfect, but this product has enough rigidity during its shaping window to be able to mold it in ear and remove it gently. Then minor, careful, shaping is needed to correct any shifting the removal from the ear may have caused.  I get much more use and enjoyment from both devices now.

I've also used it to make some pretty strong and attractive repairs."
Well done and thinking product.
"Perfect but in the instruction should inform for using gloves to manipulate the product.
I have allergy and my fingers is already wounded"
"I had a product that had very thin wire connected to a large, square prong. It is very flimsy. I tried using tape, but it didn't really work well. Saw this product and tried it. It worked really well and now the thin wires are securely attached. Next, I purchased a pair of sunglasses, that I loved, but didn't fit my nose. I need glasses with nose pieces because my nose is flat and the bottom of the glasses hit my face. So I used Sugru to fashion nose pieces, put in on while still pliable to mold it to my face and left it overnight. Now these glasses fit perfectly! Finally, I tried it on my water pick hose which had developed a tear in the hose. It did not work. All in all, I think it's a really good product but it is expensive, all things considered."
"This is so expensive but it works very well.  Each package must be used within a few minutes.  It would be nice to be able to use part of the package, saving the rest for another time, but the package is for a one-time use.  Also the product is only good for one year. I fixed a broken sculpture, the base on a child's toy and an extension cord."
"It seemed to bond okay at first, but within a few weeks after curing the bond separated. For the price, it simply isn't worth it because it only holds the bond for a short amount of time."
"Meh. I tried it three times and the best application was fraying cords, but even that didn't last too long. I don't think I'd purchase again."
"Does not set as hard as I thought, small amounts of each color not enough to do anything."
Cracks and breaks quickly.  It's just not worth all the hype in my opinion.  I read the directions carefully and followed them but it just didn't work well.
"Loved it, it fixed my iPad cable that was coming apart!"
Order came early very happy with the product
Surprisingly one pouch can do a lot. Very happy with the results. But do be careful not to drop or let the sugru touch anything as it will pick up the dust off your floor. Overall it is well worth the money.
"I really like this putty, but it doesn't hold once it's dried quite as much as I would like, at least on things like flexible lightning cables."
What can I say? Is Sugru! But is so expensive too!
There is an artistic quality to using this product but once it dried it worked perfectly.
Works well! Instead of allowing my charger wires to be destroyed by my cats I repair them with Sugru and haven't bought a new charger in months.
Great Deal. Fast shipping.  thanks.
"The Suguru is good untill the end of the year, but its not working 100% now. I'm pretty sure I've kept it under the right conditions the whole time."
ok
"This stuff is amazing.  MUST. HAVE. MORE.

Completely versatile."
pros: excellent product - cons: foil packets go dry too fast .. then product hardens in the yet seal packet
"This stuff is great. I used it to make my laptop charge cord more stable and so far it's working. It's a like hard rubber, so it gives a little but not too much, making the cord bend slowly rather than being just another hard edge for it to bend and break at. It smells pretty awful when you use it and takes 24 hours to dry, but the smell goes away completely once it's dry."
"Magic. I broke off a holding clip-thing for a cell phone holder for my car. This Sugru moldable glue did the trick - - easy to manipulate and mold into whatever shape, then 24 hours later - - hardened and like glue. Love all the variety of colors too..."
Saved my like!! My son's Dinosaur needed a knee and tail surgery. 24 hours later  Complete successful. Thanks
"Very cool product, worked great on ends of cables."
"Once you open one packet, you have to use all of it"
I used this to fix some things around the house. It takes too long to set and it does not set as hard as I would have hoped and it does not sttatch to everything.
awesome
"The package says ""USE BY 16 JUN 2017""...and today is May 18th 2017 and it's all gone! All solid rubber already, useless! The rubber already cured inside the packages. I tried to get a refund but Amazon refuses to give me one since I bought this more than one month a go.

DON'T BY THIS PRODUCT... if you do, be careful to NOT TRUST THE EXPIRATION DATE!"
New ideas for use come to mind everyday. It's a bit messy on the fingers or anything else it touches but it is very easy to mold. It feels very sturdy when dry.
This is great stuff. The YouTube videos have given me even more ideas of how to use it
Using it to fix my kids broken headphones and so far so good!
"All I can say is this stuff is worth it!  Check out some You Tube videos for some great inspirations.  That is how I found out about it, and found so many uses for it.  It's worked for repairs, creations, mountings, and I've only gotten started on finding uses.  This is rating up there with the George Foreman grill, as far as perfect inventions!"
nice woks perfect.
"I purchased this from another retailer, but due to my unhappiness I decided to post a review here.
I bought it for a particular application and it failed miserably. I then decided to go to their website to see what I may have done wrong. I watched all the cool videos, but still came away with no real idea what to do with the rest of it. I tried a few different uses and each one ended up falling apart.
I just don't get the hype?"
"Doesn't adhere as well to plastic...I had to super glue molded parts back on. I molded two turtles onto a rubber pencil sleeve for my apple pencil...and my friend broke off their heads, because she thought they were sturdy enough. Guess not. Now I have headless turtles on my pencil."
"I first tried this product because i got so sick and tired of replacing my cord that plugs into my Mac computer. At least 4 have broken where the cord plus into the computer.  I tried everything possible.  I put a metal coil to make it more flexible, I put glue around it to help it be more stable. I purchased phone cord (the coiled kind) and that helped a little bit.  these stupid cords cost $80 a piece or so.  Decided to try this stuff. Received it about July 28th 2016.  Put in on the cord for about 10 inches.  This is the longest I have gone without having to replace the stupid cord.  YEAH. There are no cracks or breaks in the Sugru as of yet. Thsi is now May 14, 2017 so that is quite some time in my opinion.  A few weeks ago I purchased an exercise machine. On the handle of the machine there are to approx 3"" balls for you to hold onto for balance.  One of the rubber(sih) balls came damaged with chunks out of it.  We had already put the thing together and it worked great, just had this one problem.  The lime green ball  could be used but since it is used for balance my right hand kept feeling uncomfortable feeling the gouges and kind of rough rubbery feel.  So purchase some more Sugru and put it on the ball.  First put it into the gouged area and then smoothed over the bits etc.  Let it dry for 24 hours (a must and yes did that after I had put it on my computer cord too).  We put the fixed ball onto the exercise machine and it is so close to perfect ! I had to take my time applying it because I needed to fill in the nicks and smooth it over quite a decent sized damaged area, about 2 inches going around the one side of the ball.  The green Sugru isn't the exact color green but close enough for me! (photo attached)  Perfect Fix !  Not sure why some other have had it not work for them.  The biggest test so far really has been the cord on my computer because it has been on such a long time so perfectly. And I use the computer in my lap, so the cord does he bent  and moved and put on and off etc. And until Apple decides to stop ripping people off and manufacture a decent cord for their laptops this is THE best solution ever. Uploading photo.  You will see 2 colors of the Sugru (from the small packets needed to use 2 colors for such a long area and yes it is curved because that is the way I laid it to work better bending into the computer while in my lap).  Important to take your time. Important to give it time to set.... 24 hours at least.  Extremely happy !!!"
"Holy cow, this stuff works.  Purchased on a whim, and used to strengthen a cable where it flexes into the connector.  Well, sure enough, the more time you put into molding it, the better it will look.  Once it's all cured up, it's pretty flexible, but you can tell it's going to be a pretty durable repair.  It comes in these convenient single use packets, which are great.  I used less than half, and attempted store the extra in a zip loc baggie.  No go on that idea.  Keep it in the kitchen drawer for that one time where it's just the ticket."
"Works very well for reinforcing cables, but I'd recommend looking up some tutorials on how to get the most out of it before actually using it. Also, you'll probably need WAY less of it than you think, so start off with a really small piece and then add more so that you can get a feel for how much you'll need for various jobs. Finally, try to have a good number of things that need reinforcing before you get started, as the clock on the cure begins pretty much the second you open the individual packet of Sugru."
"Worked quite well for my purpose (fixing a plastic band strap, which I used to wear 100% of time) for several months, after which I had to reapply."
cool stuff
"I watched the video of sugru online and I was instantly sold. I remember the days of blu-tak before 3M strips were a thing and I love seeing these new adhesive products hit the market.

It does exactly as advertised. I've used it to mount indoor security cameras, fix a broken metal colander, and to fill in cracked plastic. Definitely can think of a lot more uses for the stuff.

It felt a little pricey when you break it down per pack, but upon using my first set, I realized that each individual sugru pack contained a fair amount of the stuff, which mean you could do a lot with it. My feedback to the company would be to have an alternative packaging that came in half the size so that if you only needed a little bit for a repair, you're not forced to use a whole pack."
I noticed my iPhone cord starting to look too bent so I thought I would try this and it worked like a charm.
"Seriously, the number of uses for this product is almost uncountable! I love this stuff. Helps with everything and anything. I used it to reinforce my iphone and mac cables, as well as, for patching a wall. Amazing stuff!"
Great product for doing custom install of car radio where you have to cover up exposed wires that were cut for the install
"So for the longest time I wanted to set up one iPad on the cabinet in he kitchen. I wanted my wife to be able to see all her pintesrt recepies, connect it to our Bluetooth speakers. I wanted to walk into the kitchen and have it there without needing to look for it or for it to sit on the counter. As soon as I saw Sugru Moldable glue I knew I had a winner. See the picture and understand I was able to do what I wanted. I bought not long ago an iPad stand for much more but I don't need it anymore. The iPad stand take real estate on my counter. With the iPad stand I can have accident of it falling down or getting wet. Now I have it where I need it. Perfect. I used Sugru for the iPhone cable charges and fixed the broken cables. I also put it under my Garabage can so it is not going to slide when I open and close it. I feel like megaiver with Sugru. My wife is using the iPad more."
"One of the most versatile, useful items in my toolkit. Makes a custom gasket over night. Repairs or improves function of countless things. Very, very cool stuff and a favorite stocking stuffer!!"
I can't do justice to this product and all of its truly wonderful uses. Find the YouTube video and watch that. I will say to store it in the fridge it definitely helps lengthen it shelf life. I love the stuff.
"Bought this to fix vaccum cord. Followed the instructions and let it cure. I noticed it still cracked, but it has saved the cord from getting worse. I want to try the white on a IPad cord also."
"I bought this to mold a grip on my archery riser, but I keep finding new uses for it.  As an adhesive, it is great.  I've used it instead of sauter on a metal water fountain; I'm adhering tiles to stone to mark out the solictices and compass points on an outdoor sundial (6 months of winter snow, freezing, rain, and sun, and its still going strong).  I also like that it is easy to remove and clean up the residue when I modify my archery grip.  I recommend it to everybody."
"I received my purchase in a timely manner and was pleased with the product, I would purchase from them again. Thank you!"
"This is some awesome stuff!  I used to repair remote car keycase/fob and saved over $200.00!! Many uses, have used in past.  Roll up into small ball, stick on each corner of my mini laptop to protect from sliding."
Holds great!
great product
Love this stuff. I do sculptures and Sugru is perfect for cool little appendages on little sculptures. Plus it is great for fixing stuff!
"Used this to fix the trunk release on my car that had melted away. Worked like a dream! It's strong and slightly flexible, even with how thickly I applied it in hopes of sealing off the cruddy melted rubber that remained from the old one.

I'm looking for other places to use it; I love this stuff!"
crazy good!!! I save a lot of money using this to repair my stuffs and even toys. They work so well! A must have for family.
Good stuff. Still finding ways to use it. Works as advertised.
We keep finding uses for this stuff. From repairing broken lamp shade holders to covering up ends of screws that stick out to prevent baby from hurting herself. Too bad you can't keep it for too long but it lasts for a few months in the fridge - which is long enough to find a use for every last scrap of the substance.
Great stuff for motor  homes or trailers. Anywhere  you don't want to use screws or nails. Sort of expensive but does the job better than  anything  else.
Such awesome stuff! One of the little packets was enough to fix two ends of my MacBook's charging adapter and one iPhone cable.
"This stuff is wonderful for almost any type of weird repair needs.  I've taken to using it on both ends of any ""hard to replace"" or non-standard cables. Have been using it for a couple of years now. FYI. Keeping it in the freezer helps prolong the life of the product, and make sure you have a big enough ""project"" prior to opening a package as it does not keep well after opening.  Love it!"
"I do not buy,  WWWWAAAAYYYYY TO EXPENSIVE....."
"I purchased a small pack of Sugru about 9 days ago as I could not figure out a way to properly attach my GoPro 5 Black to my new Bern helmet.  The curved attachment that comes with the GoPro camera is not curved enough to provide enough surface area for the 3M adhesive to stick.  The playdough like Sugru seemed like a good option.  I followed the directions from Sugru knowing I had no more than 30 minutes to manipulate the Sugru to the desired shape.  I had used one of those green dish scouring pads to try to remove the remnants of a sticker on the area where I intended to place the Sugru.  The micro abrasions created by the scrub may have provided a better surface than the smoothness of the plastic helmet.  I placed blue painter tape on just to isolate any spillover (could have done a better job) and manipulated the Sugru until I had enough surface area given my constraints.  I let the Sugru cure for about 24 hours in our warm garage and then placed the GoPro attachment on.  I let that cure for 24 hours also.  I then attached the GoPro and hung my helmet upside down overnight over a pile of my clothes so if my GoPro detached it would fall into fluffy softness.  It was fine.  So far so good.  I have yet to take it outside and ride with it (I commute by bicycle to work) in the hot and humid San Antonio heat.  I purchased the GoPro insurance so I should be good if my GoPro detaches.  To better inform you readers I will provide an update later (not sure how long later though) when I feel like I can comment on the long term viability of this set-up.  I included some photos so you could see how I used the Sugru.  I hear that the 3M adhesive is uber sticky so I am hoping Sugru is just as permanent.

I gave the product a 4-Star for starters pending further review after sustained GoPro use.
I provided some photos so you could see the project as it progressed."
"I got this today, and let me tell you, this stuff is great. Made some hooks for my shower. BUT - 2 of the 8 packets came already hardened, when I opened them up the sugru had set and was a hard rubber. Very disappointing.

Any chance this could get fixed by the seller and I will update this review"
Works as promised
"This product is fantastic and is useful in so many ways. Really wonderful and one's imagination can come up with all sorts of cool uses for this amazing product!

My oldest son fixed his expensive Turtle Beach headset with it and he says it is ""Better than new."""
Does not hold on cell phone chargers
"This is a cool product- it definitely works as designed and seems to hold up well IF it adheres to whatever you are using it on.  My main complaint is that it doesn't have a very long shelf life, and the product doesn't have that many applications.  I ended up throwing out the majority of the package, since it went bad so quickly.

If you buy this- know what you want to use it on, and only buy enough for that project.  Don't buy extra to keep around the house."
"what a waste of money, it does not work like in the videos, and got my hands all dirt!"
"Used it to reinforce a strain relief on a laptop's DC power input cable. Nicely moldable, set up in the 24 hours stated."
Great product
"I've only had this a week but I used it in my iPhone cord, so far so good. Pretty cool invention. Hope it continues to hold."
"About the only useful purpose I've found that worked consistently was reinforcing wire connection points.  I've tried using to pad some devices and it just doesn't stick well to corners. You need at least 1/4"" of surface contact to maintain reliable adhesion.

Just seems too soft or too hard for the uses I was looking for, especially given the price."
"stuff is great to use, stays flexable,, holds well."
Good
"Odd use, but I got this to re-tread a worn-out Roomba wheel.  Works great!"
"Quite an amazing thing, that's a Logitech MX master mouse now ergonomicaly custom fitted to my hand."
"This stuff is great.

Make sure it doesn't get disturbed until it's fully hardened"
"This product really works as advertised. Thus far, I have been able to repair things I long thought were lost for good. The only thing is that once you open one, you have to use it all the way. I tried saving an open sugru (after carefully re-sealing it), but it was not the same when I wanted to use it a few days later, even when kept in the fridge. Still, it is a fantastic product and the amount in one packet is usually OK for most small jobs. I wish they could figure out a way to make a ""clear"" version; but maybe that is too much to ask ;-)"
"Lots of uses... only bad news is that it has an expatriation date, so don't get TOO much too soon."
Can't live without this product.
can't find the right application for this stuff -- might not be general-use enough to keep in my kit.
"Good product, deserve 5. But expensive -2."
too small an amount for the money.
"Excellent product! Does the job, it would be nicer if all the kits included a plastic pick to mold it better, and if each pack came with more sugru in each, at least 10gr."
I can't get enough of this stuff! I USE IT FOR EVERYTHING! I even fixed my key fob with it!
"Since I discovered Sugru, I continually realize that it is the answer to some other old problem. I'm always running out."
I admit I have a mild obsession with these. They're fantastic!
"Sugru has become my regular quick-fix item at home. One thing to note, it dries up pretty fast after opened, even if the leftover little saviors are kept in a ziploc bag, they would harden in a day. So plan wisely where to apply on for each packet before opening! :)"
"This is the greatest stuff ever. I've repaired the power cord to my ipad, macbook, and a dirt-devil. The Sugru Moldable Glue saved me close to $200 and I still have some left for other uses. Buy it...you'll love it."
"Works as promised, but not at all the texture I expected. Turns out smooth, almost slick. It will not give any grip to your projects."
"This stuff can literally be used for anything. its great! just buy a pack and you will find something to use it on, especially after you use it once and see how it works"
"I really like this stuff.  Great for fixing things, but mostly I use it for prototyping or just creating small parts for various projects on my motorcycle."
"I just love these! I bought them to protect my iPhone connectors and so far it's been working great. Also, because of the colors, it helps me differentiate my connectors from other people's.

Just make sure to clean the area where you'll be applying sugru before. I used it on a dirty connector and it peeled off in less that 48 hours."
"I ordered the white pack of 8 sugru products and instead I got a 3 pack, full price was charged for less than half the ordered product"
Work as expected
Made a replacement wheel for my bottle capping machine. It seems to hold up well. Will continue to test over a period of applying torsional load to the wheel.
"These little packets have become a staple of my adventure kit after my recent trip to Israel! Over the course of my trip Sugru was used to fix a leak in the roof of the tour bus, Reattach a part of a Camel's Saddle, Plug up a hole in my shoe, and fix a frayed wire on a jetski. I realize these are extremes to put a product through and SUGRU passed with flying colors!"
it is very useful
good
"I had hoped to be more impressed, but not so much."
"great stuff but would be nice if packages were split in half so you don't waste it if its small issue cause once its open extra unused porion doesn't keep well .  its ok to open 2 packages if bigger job .  So spliting the amount into 2 sub-packages would be great.

Very cool stuff.  Fixed several things with it including knife handle and draw pull that snapped off.  Also fixed oven knob after it was snapped at the stem."
"a bit messier than I thought it would be, but it works and is pretty cool"
"Fun stuff. Don't get a whole lot for the price, but it's not play dough and worked well for the cables that I had that were frayed. Remains flexible after curing. Not a hard glue which I needed. Recommended if you need small  amount of flexible material that sticks to stuff. Love the colors."
I love it.
very useful
"Complete waste. Does not adhere to any surface and falls off when dried. Ad may be entertaining to watch, but this turned into very expensive model clay for my daughter."
"Excellent, love Sugru, so many ways to use it, can't live without it no more."
"fix/modify just about anything. just like the ad says: Moldable Glue. add some magnets on your own or buy Sugru's magnet kit and the stuff you can do is almost endless. seems pricey, but once you've used it a few times you'll realize it's worth every dime."
Received as promised.
I got this to fix toys. I let it set for 24 hours like they suggested then I gave the fixed toys back to my kids. By the end of the day the sugru had come off all but one. It's completely useless for putting Ducky's head back on.
worked as advertised. hopefully it holds up well.
Cool stuff works great so far
"Worked. Easy to use. However, individual package size could be smaller to reduce waste."
awesome!!! never seen something like it! extremely durable!
"Sugru is a putty-like substance (think Blu-tack) which you can mould with your hands, and which cures into a hard rubber.  I noticed a leak under my bathroom sink and when I investigated, I saw a metal section containing the lever which controls the plunger had rusted completely through.  I didn't want to call someone for this so I bought some Sugru.  The package comes with 8 individually sealed applications of Sugru.  I used two packets together to form a watertight seal around a washer about the diameter of a penny.  So far, the seal has held for over 2 months now.

Each individual pack has an expiration date on it.  The ones I got had an expiration date of 1.5 years after I received it.  They say you can triple the shelf life by storing it in the fridge, so even if you only had one small job like myself, you can store it for a while for future use."
Easy to use and works well for all types of projects.
I love this stuff!  So far it has worked on everything I have use it on.  Including fixing a hole in a 150 gallon water trough where the heater had melted through.  Buy it.  You will love it.  Buy 2.
"Who doesn't use Sugru?

Just try to wait until you can use an entire packet, because once you open it, it's ""Use or lose.""

Other than the strange smell, it's a fantastic product."
I have used this to fix the soles of my Vibram shoes and small models where I broke some parts.  It is a wonderfully versatile tool for repairing all sorts of things.
"This was a stocking stuffer for Christmas.
Not sure how they liked it, but they were happy to get it."
I love this stuff!  So far it has worked on everything I have use it on.  Including fixing a hole in a 150 gallon water trough where the heater had melted through.  Buy it.  You will love it.  Buy 2.
"Who doesn't use Sugru?

Just try to wait until you can use an entire packet, because once you open it, it's ""Use or lose.""

Other than the strange smell, it's a fantastic product."
I have used this to fix the soles of my Vibram shoes and small models where I broke some parts.  It is a wonderfully versatile tool for repairing all sorts of things.
"This was a stocking stuffer for Christmas.
Not sure how they liked it, but they were happy to get it."
fell apart after using
"While I am so far delighted with it- pricey though it is- other reviews have clued me into some flaws.

First, the positive: I got it mostly as an alternative to electrical tape for repairing charging cables on which my cats have shredded the coating. This has happened to several, so it was easy to use up a whole pack- this is good, since once opened, the stuff cures whether or not you've used it. It was easy to use, and has made a somewhat flexible cover replacing the shredded plastic. It was easy to use. I kneaded it a bit before applying, because it seemed a bit granular right out of the package, but smoothed up well. As you can see in the attached photo, I did not make extra efforts to make the repair look slick and pro!

So far I am very happy with it. It was FAR easier to get a good covering for the wires with it than with electrical tape. I did have enough jobs to use the whole packet, so none of it went to waste.

Potential negatives: the expiration date is Dec 2017, for the stuff I got April 2 2017.  I  still have 7 packages to use! One review suggest storing it in the refrigerator, and I will do that.

Also, several people have had their repairs crack and break promptly. I will edit this review if any of mine do! I suspect that they did not knead the putty before using it, which was important to get a uniform smooth texture.

So far, though, I am very happy with it! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 mostly because the shelf life is short- I got 8 months, but some people have reported 3, and theres no way to tell until you buy it."
"Buy the newest product you can, and don't accept it if it's more than a few months old when you receive it. SUGRU HAS A SHELF LIFE.

Store unused packets in the refrigerator to extend their life.

Old Sugru crumbles, leaves residue before curing, cures slower, sticks less, and smooths poorly. Eventually it will totally harden."
"Works great!  We used them to patch up some rusty exposed caging in our dishwasher (new cage is >$100), works well, none of the pieces have come off.  It'd be great if they came in small ziplock bags or something, because when you open a pack, you're committing to using all of it, or risking the remainder drying out."
I've only begun to find the uses for this material. Wonderfully pliable. Makes anything your imagine can create.
Works great. used one packet on iPhone cord. Can't wait to use on my next.
It does what it is meant to do!  Quite versatile.
Perfect for iPhone cable
This product doesn't work at all. I wanted to get a replacement but customer support was not helpful. I'll be more than happy to modify this comment if #sugru @sugru will work with me on getting a full refund.
My second order because I needed to fix more. I love this stuff. It's way easy to use.
such a small amount.  Its a rip off.
"I bought this moldable glue for the express purpose of keeping the plug that goes into the antenna receptacle stronger. I have found that most of the time, when I lose the earplug capability, it is because that plug area is not strong enough to deal with life. This should make it stronger. My molding is not nearly as pretty and neat as what is shown, but if it works, I am a happy camper."
Excelent glue.
"This stuff is amazing! I have found, however, than once a package is opened, you might as well use it all. No matter how well I seal what's left, after it's been opened, the leftover can't be used."
"I fixed a broken turquoise piece of pottery with it and then decorated the piece with colored pearls and crystals, covering the moldable glue which became as hard as the pottery in a day."
Sugru is the best. I use it for a zillion things.
It did everything i needed it to and more. I bought this so i could waterproof my e-board a little better and it worked perfectly. There's now a nice rubber seal keeping everything dry! I had some leftover and ended up using it to make a headphone rack attached to my desk. It's a wonderful little product and i'd recommend it to anyone.
"Mine crumbles and won't hold anything...  It's like sun-dried play-dough.  Commercials look awesome, maybe I got a bad batch or something."
"Sugru is uniquely versatile and may be the only solution for some applications, but expensive when you consider that any extra material in each packet spoils (solidifies) after exposure to air, and even refrigerated, unopened packets may solidify before use. These misgivings are the only reason I did not award five stars."
Amazing stuff i will keep around from now on. Futuristic duct tape!
Fixed loads of things around the house. Perfect!
Excellent product.  Works very well.
So glad I ordered this product.  I sat on my glasses last week and broke the stem off ..duct tape failed me that time.  Tried this product....fixed it right up.  Looks like hell cause I didn't have patience but did the trick.  Thank you.
I attempted to make a cup holder. I watched video and feel in followed all the direct. It appeared simple. After 24 hours I hung a coffee cup and it fell off. The hook part bent and could not hold the mug. I then felt it and it fell off wall!  The second book is still attached to wall but cup also bent hook! Disappointed! I was planning on hanging a magnetic strip but I'm worried it won't stay on wall. Really wanted to like SUGRU.
Great for somethings but the ones we applied around phone charger cords have cracked all the way around. Also black stains your hands
"This stuff isn't cheap. I feel the Sugru marketing makes it seem like anyone can do it anytime. I wish they would have stressed that you should watch videos on ""reinforcing"" your stuff and ""Using Sugru"" for a couple minutes before cracking open a pack. That being said, I like the product--I pulled the rubber out of a pack and it worked. It's great stuff!!! Just come up with a game plan before getting it out."
"Worked great at first, but seemed to age out in the package fairly quickly.  The one that I used when I first received the shipment has held up well.  The 2nd one I used after a few months did not work at all."
super
"Item weight is 2.2 pound in description, change it."
"I was hesitant to try it but read about it on a blog and the stuff truly is amazing. I used it to fix my Honda key and it saved me $300 on buying a new one.  I had bought a pack of colorful Sugru and didn't have black--black would have been better but I don't really care since it did the job.  I also used it to fix an Apple earphone cord and a zipper that had lost it's ""pull"".  Seriously, good stuff.  Will use again and again for random fixes and will buy more colors.  Great product that everyone needs in their life."
Sugru addicted.
I fixed a broken mirror housing on my aging car with this.  It worked great!  I first tried with a two part epoxy and that didn't work.  This worked perfectly and was much easier to apply than the epoxy.
"Already fixed a few things around the house, incl. my daughter's shoe. Molds easley, holds percectly. Wonderful product! "
"Already fixed a few things around the house, incl. my daughter's shoe. Molds easley, holds percectly. Wonderful product! "
"This worked excellent for some things, and didn't work for others. I think the important thing is to mold it quickly, otherwise it crumbles. Pretty expensive overall. What is did work for was: putting in extra nose bridge for a pair of plastic glasses, replacing our rice cooker lid knob in the shape of a cala lily, strengthening the base of our key hooks. It crumbled for: fixing our broken dinosaur's tail and leg, making a hook on our dry erase board, and slipped right off our laundry hamper handle which had cracked already, it's a flexible silicone kind of hamper."
good
"Excellent Product!
Fixed broken VHF cord and it is better than new!"
"I was really excited about this stuff. The first thing I did was (you guessed it) applied it to my phone charging cable. A piece of the sugru cracked off a few weeks later, but it's still doing its job. Shortly after that, I sugru'd a bird feeder in need of repair. FYI, It's important to knead the sugru before use. Also, once you open the little packet you have to use it or discard it; you can't save it for a later date. I didn't know this at first and I carelessly wasted some. I don't feel so bad about it now because I haven't touched the stuff since. My husband (lover of tools and gadgets) hasn't used any either. We store it in the refrigerator (as recommended). I'll notice it while reaching for the mustard (chocolate syrup), but I can't think of what to do with it. I'm not keen on the idea of putting it on my walls or anything I may wear. I thought I'd use it mostly for repairs. I paid $19.99 and it expires within nine months. I swear we're not unimaginative. The occasion just hasn't called for the use of sugru. I'm afraid we may never use it before the expiration date.
Mouldable glue truly is a clever creation. It seems like most everyone loves sugru. For us, sugru may fall into the category that includes products like snuggies and workout dvds. I'm giving it four stars because it does what it claims. I think it's priced too high. I'm super unhappy about the short shelf life. I think four stars is fair if not generous."
this is probably my third or fourth purchase of this product....the uses and applications are endless
"I ordered this product and it arrived on time. However, This product claims to have 8 packs but actually has only 6 packs. 2 red, 2 blue, 2 yellow. There are no black and white packs! Only six instead of eight packs for this product - not as they claimed to be 8 packs. This is the reason why I rate this."
This is a great product for various uses. I bought it to reinforce a very expensive cable that was breaking at the connections. Worked great. Expensive and you need to use what is in the little packets. Can not save bits and pieces.
This stuff is amazing!  I fix so many things with it.  I even fixed the holes in my dishwaher utinsel basket and so far (2 months) It has held with no problem.  So great to have on hand!!  Buy it already!
"This is a big improvement on the usual tube of Silicone rubber.  Each individual use stays sealed till you use it, and you don't find that the whole tube has turned into solid rubber before the second job.  Sugru does not stick to your fingers, it feels sorta like play-dough as you shape it, and, cured it has a slightly satin feel, not shiny."
product is so good it cured in the packaging :( Expiry date of Aug 2017 but its already hard and brittle in the package. Could be due to shipping it to Singapore and the heat but really unacceptable for such a price.. sigh
Great for fixing fragile aftermarket motorcycle turn signal perches.
A must have. Keep it in the fridge!
"This is pretty amazing stuff!!! I've only ever used it on power cords, but when an apple laptop cord costs nearly $80, I can't praise this stuff enough. I will say that on the portions of cords that get a lot of use and get bent regularly, the sugru patches are starting to tear, but not enough that I'm worried about it."
It did a splendid job at da repair
"I freaking love this stuff!!

I'm about to buy some more, my third order in just a few months, and I want to tell people all the ways I've been able to use it. It's so handy.

Created handles/covering rough edges of my tools - covering up nails that stick out of the door frames in my building - sealing jars - repairing my rainboots - creating no-slip bottoms for storage containers - repairing my headphones (they look cooler now) - repairing all kinds of cords...

Seriously, I could go on and on. I knew I'd love it when I saw it, and it's exceeded my expectations.

Tips:
1 - Don't bother trying to save unused stuff in the fridge, it doesn't work. I've tried to vacuum seal it closed and still it dried out. Best to save up projects and use it all at once.
2 - If using more than one color, use one at a time - mixing them together makes a poo colored brown. If layering, I wait a few hours and let the outer layer of one color dry before applying the second.
3 - The more you work it, the stickier it gets. It's not very gummy; after a lot of handling it becomes pasty. I use clay tools when I mold it, because it adheres to itself well.

Again, can't recommend the stuff enough. Do yourself a favor and keep a pack of it in your home; you won't regret it!"
"Limitless uses for occupational therapist for clients of all ages. Tripled to enlarge buttons on phone, build up handle on tools and handles of furniture"
Best product ever.
gifted this -- they loved it
"This stuff is great.  Keep around, in sealed packets, for those odd gluing jobs"
Love it
"This stuff is great. As a DIY guy I have an extensive kit of tools for most repairs. Sugru fills a niche that I had in that kit. I have repaired ice cream makers, backpack sprayer tanks, charging cords, walking sticks. You name it. Sugru dries to a flexible rubbery like finish that seems pretty indistructable. When my walking stick had a chunk break out of it, I filled it in with Sugru, gave it a smooth finish by doing a final rub down with a wet finger and it has been in place for 5 years. Get some for your kit. You won't be dissapointed."
"I've used this product to insulate my phone charger cord after the cat stripped away some of the insulation, and I've used it to cover holes that were drilled in a metal window frame (in order to stop the cold air from coming in). Very smart product, lots of possible uses. The black colored one will leave dark residue on your fingers, though; I've been able to use Purell to get it off but that's my one complaint."
Great product.
Item as described
"Amazing chord end fix no matter what size it is, used on a mitter saw and some ear buds and a charging cable. Works amazing!"
Works great to pad a camera.
We have a front loading washing machine.  The door gasket ripped and water leaked on the floor with every wash.  I tried Sugru before I called for what would have been an expensive repair.  One piece fit into the space of the ripped gasket.  I let it set for 24 hours before using the washer.  It has been several months with 3 to 5 loads of laundry per day and the patch is still holding.
I literally used this one time to fix a cell phone cable and  I didn't even use the cable but a week later it was completely cracked and broken. I'm really mad.
"Amazing product! I have found all sorts of uses for this stuff so far. The possibilities are limitless! Really... If done correctly this stuff turns into a wonder product. It's fun and easy to apply and stays moldable for far long enough to allow any perfectionist the time they need to smooth it out and get it just how you imagined your fix to look. I have used it mostly for cords, but now that I see how to use it I imagine myself using it on far more things around the house and garage."
"Good product, with a short shelf life."
Good product with a very short shelf life.
"Good product, with a very short shelf life."
It work's
"Followed the directions exactly.  After drying, it cracked immediately.  Expensive useless junk!"
The Sugru glue is great but expensive.  There are a million things you can use it on.  I reviewed  severalYou Tube videos before I bought it.  I used it to re-enforcer my phone charger and Tom-Tom GPS cords.
Love this product
"Nothing wrong with the product, it just looks cooler than it is I think"
"Love this Product! Just what I needed. So far I've repaired my son's trophy, the vacuum cleaner cord and a school made piece of artwork.
Veryflexible and versatile, glad I found this product"
managed to repair some difficult breaks
Great alternative to tape when computer or phone charger begins ripping!
"Had a fender on the side of my car coming up due to the plastic rivet holding that part being broken.  After reading all the reviews I decided to give it a try.  Keep in mind before trying Sugru the fender would stay in place for a little while but would not stay in place once the car moved.  I tried the Sugru with some reservation mind you, BUT to my surprise after 3 weeks and rain it is still holding!!!!  Now I am looking for things to fix!"
"Honestly the concept is great, but my execution with it makes me feel it is a little over hyped.

Is it good stuff - yes it is.

Is it awesome, great, unbeatable stuff - no it isn't.

It is pretty good, I will use it again, just be aware of your expectations.

I have never been compensated for a review - good or bad, and never received any products for free, except for one unsolicited (and unwanted) item that I contacted the vendor for an RMA - they told me to donate it, so I did. This means that my reviews are my own genuine feedback & no one has biased them."
I bought this for my phone charger to reinforce it. I have tried applying multiple times and it always separates away from the cord. And then a crack and tear forms and it's ruined and pointless. Maybe I'll use the other 4 packets on something else in the future but I'm definitely disappointed that it didn't work for its intended use
"So far we've used it on several phone cords and the toaster oven handle. It's expensive, but when you consider the cost of quality phone cords or a toaster oven, it's a bargain."
What's the point
Excellent...
great stuff!
Fun and useful Xmas gift for my hubby after we saw a commercial.
the best
Excellent product!
Great product. I got black so it can be a little messy when molding it. And a little hard to get off hands. A brush soap and water is all you need. Dried out perfectly satyed where I needed it to be on my project. Yotally recommend to anyone who has small projects they want to do.
nogt nearly as easy to mold as described.
"It works, but not as well as advertised."
Great but product is good and don't wanna waste so i never end up using it
I really like these but I do think it may be slightly sliding down on my phone charger. Not 100% sure.
Love this stuff!  Was able to repair a hole in a 150 gallon water trough with 2 packets.  It has held up through freezing temperatures because it has just enough flexibility it did not crack.  Buy it!  You'll find dozens of uses for it and end up ordering more!
Good product...albeit seems to be on the expensive side.....I used it to secure wires coming out of my Lazy Boy Remote Control devise...it was easy to mold and set up find securing the wires to the control handle....Looking for other uses to try.....
Actually does everything they say
The stuff is great repair electrical cord for my vacuum cleaner girlfriend wine glass annoying sound in your car that rattles put iton a key so many things can't even name them all repairs boots sweatshirt string
"Pretty good. It worked well fixing a pair on sunglasses. I thought I could use it as a rubber stopper on my refrigerator to stop my door from opening the whole way, but it is too elastic when dried so it just squished down and did not work well for that purpose. I used just a single packet for both uses so I just need to find more things to fix now."
"Bought this back in January and was impressed by its claims but a few days ago I ""fixed"" this cable and first time I picked it up the thought rubber crumbled and broke. Don't believe everything you see."
Absolutely amazing!  Don't hesitate buying these they're great of course I'd like to color match everything but I see I've made a mistake with this I found pink yellow green blue red I wish I would've done my cables in different colors.  It works very very well just fixed my car charger save me 30 bucks
... but Expensive
I love this stuff.  It actually did exactly what I wanted.
"So far so good, I needed to ""make"" few things and this was 100% win"
Works as advertised what more could you want. One tip after buying watch some tips & tricks videos online before using so as not to waste any inadvertently.
I thought I would use this a ton but for months I have just stored it.  I recommend only buying it if you have a certain use for it in mind.
"Cool stuff, very useful."
"Love this stuff...just wish the teeny tiny packages were bigger for some projects.  You can use this for so many things - reinforcing cords, making bumper guards, small repairs to plastic items.  I did find one item (a plastic dog food bin) it did not stick to well, which is unusual...but overall this is something I will keep on hand forever it comes in handy for so many small fixes."
Its very good
"I love Sugru! I have fixed many things with the Sugru. Great product as long as you know that it doesn't fix everything! I have used it to fix a rip in my coat-has held together well and have washed the coat several times. Also used it to adhere hooks, molding on my car as well as the soles of a couple pairs of shoes."
This stuff simply does not work
It's a very good product can use it on the hundreds of things around the house this is a must-have
"This product is very good but it has a very short life span.  So it is unadvisable to stock up on too many at one time, unfortunately."
"I really wanted this to work. I bought A pot with zero insulation on the handles. Bought this toit for 22 friggin dollars....Did the process, 24 hours later it's dry and does absolutely nothing to shield heat. Bummer cause it was 22 bucks...I feel like an idiot"
This stuff is messy but it works as advertised. It takes 24 hours to set. Also you have to store it in the fridge it has a short life span.
Fixed a leak on newly installed water heater. Applied to pipe fitting that just had a tiny drip. Works great. We didn't want to keep cranking on the firing and break something.
Sugru is one of our go-to things whenever we want to do mod something. The latest mod allows us to attach one of the doggie poop bag dispensers to our dog's flexi leash. No more swinging when we are running!
Love it
Bought it for the second time. Great product.
"I'd like it if the product cost less, but *.* it's great and we've used it in so many ways.  My husband used it to close up some leaking pipes..  I used it to close up (and hide) the left corner of my IPAD that cracked there.  Looks way better and keeps the crack from spreading"
I used this as a fix for the cracked strap on my Microsoft Band 2 and it has worked amazingly!
I have wrapped our metal handles on the sides of pans with this so I don't have to grab a hotpad every time I need to touch lids or lift pans.  works great.
Excellent product. Try it.
Works as advertised
This stuff works great!  Work the $ spent
Not what I expected.
Doesn't work.
Date of expiry ?????
GOOD
"Love SUGRU I use it for many things from reinforcing Apple charge cable ends, putting grips on tools, fixing my freedive mask, electrical insulation, Softening the sound on my dogs tags, etc...."
This stuff is REALLY cool.  I got a sample in one of my monthly HackerBoxes.  We fixed a door stop.  We have a door that always closes on its own so we used magnets to keep the door open.  We tried this with superglue and some small earth magnets before but the superglue actually proved to be too weak and eventually one of the magnets pulled off.  When I got this stuff I decided to try the magnet thing again but this time using this stuff and it definitely has not disappointed.  We had two samples from the HackerBox kit.  One of the samples fixed the door as I explained.  The other sample fixed part of our Refrigerator drawer that is broken.  The drawer is broken on both sides but I only had enough to fix one side.  I ordered this set to fix the other side and now our Fridge drawer is fully operational again.  I still have a bunch of leftover Sugru packets sitting in the fridge while I plan the next project for them.  I'll update with recent project info. as I use them.
"I was skeptical and read all the reviews, and they were right 5 's I used this on my car seat where it had torn due to age. I have a 2004 Honda Element and it was in plain view on the drivers seat. Fixed it as good as new Easy to use just smoothed it on dried quick."
Works OK Not great
"Wonderful pack. Gave most of it away as Christmas gift, and it became quite famous in the office."
Each item on the pack had different expiration dates. What's up with that? It kind of forces me to use colors which have nearer dates.
A Must have for your Apple cords
"Cleverest hack for nearly everything. Repairs, cable management, fill in a hole... anything! Great product!"
So many fixes!
Works great on keeping my phone chargers from bending. Totally recommend.
It cracked and fell off as soon as it dried. Total bummer.
"I wish that the packets were resealable, in case a lot of the compound was unused."
Got some of this to mount an external mic to my GoPro Hero 5 Black and it's been great! So easy to use and holds wonderful after it sets. I'll be using this way more often in future projects!
"No problems with the order, and item was exactly as described in the video and on their website. Useful thing to keep around..."
awesome for sealing cracks.
This stuff is great works on almost anything you need bonded together
Love this
This is a great product!  I've used it on fraying cell phone cables that always seem to come apart at the connection end.  Works like a charm.
"This stuff is okay, wasn't the greatest.  Takes a lot of time to set and wasn't as hard as thought when cured."
this dose have things that it could do to make ones life a lil easer but fixing sneakers nope I tryd to fix my sneakers I let it site overnight then when I was walking it popped off witch sucks
Stuff works great
Very good stuff works just like they said
"Great just a little too pricey but good stuff!

A little more stiff (when 3/8inch thick) then i thought but good!"
This is infinitely useful. Sugru is a must-buy if you want to repair things at home or on the go. Handy and easy to keep a packet on you.
"If you can not fix it with Sugru, try duct tape, if that does not work you need to buy another."
Offers solutions to a lot of situations.
"Here's all you need to know: This stuff bonded to a surface that even Gorilla Glue wouldn't stick to.

Another huge plus: being able to handle it and mold it into any shape (just like modeling clay) without it sticking much to my fingers and/or creating a big mess.  Sugru has earned a permanent spot among the go-to fix-it materials I keep on hand."
"I was skeptical, but this stuff has already saved me $60.  My Macbook charger was fraying by the magsafe connector and I was looking at having to spend $80 on a new one.  I saw this stuff online and decided to give it a try.  Took one of them out of the package and it was soft and malleable, like putty.  I molded and shaped it around the break in the cord, and below the break and over the magsafe connector.  After 24 hours, it was hard rubber that was stuck to the cord and magsafe connector like glue.  I can see this lasting a long time.  It'll probably still be going strong long after I decide to retire this Macbook and move on to another.  Incredible stuff!"
"I purchased this to install some solar powered lights around my house and didn't want to damage the bricks by drilling holes.  I just rolled up some of this and placed it around the edges of the lights, then stuck them up.  Within 2 hours the material had hardened and the lights are hanging well.  I haven't had to remove any of the lights, so I'm not sure how easy that will be, but this stuff is doing exactly what i purchased it for, so for that I give it 5 stars!"
"No more throwing plastic parts out that break. I have repaired several plastic covers and parts for small and large appliances, even my dog igloo."
I bought these to fix my daughter's expensive headphones that broke. They have been holding up for over a month like this. I would buy these again.
Neat idea but I couldn't find a whole bunch of uses for it...It'd be better for a household full of kids or for a daycare. Things have to break. None of my stuff breaks.
pricey but does the job perfectly.
"Pricey but does the job.  got 3 of the 8packs already to fix bathtub licks, shoes etc..."
Coolest stuff ever! I used it to repair several charger cords and the seal around a car window. It works really well and is super easy to use.
"Great product , so many uses"
Love this stuff
Fantastic Glue ! Great Invention
Just what I wanted.
"OMG-what did I do before this stuff?  It fixes everything. So far have have fixed the head on my daughters broke Littlest Pet Shop, fixed a zipper pull on my coat then covered up rust areas on my dishwasher basket.  Can't wait to use it again!"
"Amazing product! Really an invention of the century. Has many applications: electrical repair, hobbies, dry wall adhesion, electronics fabrication. A little pricey but completely worth it."
The possibilities are endless
Not work at all and can do nothing.
This stuff is crazy awesome!  Used it to fix a broken key fob. It did the trick perfectly!
Brilliant! Sugru does as it's advertised and demonstrated in the videos.
"Sugru Moldable Glue - Classic Multi-Color (Pack of 8)

Purchased as a gift for a craft maker."
As expected.
"it was ok, useful for what it is. But not as pliable as i would have hoped."
"This stuff is great. I just recently fixed the round basket on one of my ski poles - they don't make these for my poles anymore, so this was a great fix to keep the vintage gear functional. I've also used it to repair the dish drainboard where the plastic coating has come off and added some reinforcement around the gas cap on my car to keep it from rusting out."
Was recommended to use this stuff for a project and it is absolutely terrible. I will NEVER use this stuff again.
"Sugru is great stuff. I've used it to repair computer cables, make key covers, customize tool handles, and the list goes on. My biggest complaint is that Sugru is EXPENSIVE. Do the math: 1.05 oz @ $22 = $20 / oz. Also, once you open the Sugru packet, you have to use it.  You can make an incredibly inexpensive analog by taking silicone 1 calk (it's gotta be 100% silicone) and mixing it with cornstarch until it forms a putty-like consistency. It does the  exact same thing and you can make as much or as little as you need. Shape it and let it cure for 24 hours. AMAZING! (look it up on ""the you toobs"" for more information)  Now let's do the math for the homemade stuff: 9.8 oz tube of silicone @ $5 + 16 oz container of cornstarch @ $7  = $12.  Assuming 1:1 ratio, you can make roughly 10 oz for $12 (and still have 6 oz of cornstarch left over to thicken your soup!) That translates to $1.20/ oz. And these are Amazon prices, so I bet you could cut an additional 1/3 off the cost at your local grocery / hardware store. $1.20 /oz vs $20 / oz is kind of a no brainer.  Try it! It's a fun project to do with the kids!  Words to the wise if you do try this at home: wear gloves and VENTILATE! (as silicone cures it produces acetic acid, so unless you love the smell of really strong vinegar . . .)"
"It's good, dries out very quickly if you don't have it properly sealed."
"Fast shipping, and great product!"
Great stuff. I used it to mend an old iPad cord that frayed and it worked great.
Black tacky mess. Coloring comes off on whatever it comes in contact with and never quite hardened. Waste of money.
"Fun to use, and works great, BUT in about 1 year it will simply come un-glued from whatever you stuck it to. This happened on several projects I used it on. Bumpers for my phone - great, but they fell off a year later. Reinforcements for electronics cable-ends - same thing. So if you think it's worth the price to fix something and then have it fall off a year later, go for it."
"I repaired a cell phone charger cord.  Worked great. Gets black stuff on your hands, but I washed it off with boraxo.  Will add a cup holder to my car next!  Good product.  Just make sure you use it before it expires, which is just a few months, I think."
Not sure what the hype is all about. Put this on my phone cord and it all crumbled off within 6 hrs.  Pretty much sucks. Just get electric tape.
"Got this a a gift for my gadget crazy kids for their stockings. It was a HIT! A broken foot on the bottom of a new bathroom scale was replaced with one molded from this - and it was easy to shape well enough to maintain the level balance the scale required! Amazing stuff. Instructions are easy to follow, product it easy to use and it works!"
the packs are so small it's a ripoff. the packaging is nice but a total waste of paper and materials and is extremely wasteful for the environment. only expect to fix very very tiny things with each packet. otherwise it fixed my bong stem on my roor. it took three packets todo it.
recused my expensive cold weather boots that had developed a crack and leaked. I resealed inside and outside of boot with black sugru and now they are waterproof again-big win
"Very simple to use, helped repair a number of our apple charging cords that were beginning to be frayed at the connections."
"Too much in the individual packets and once it is opened you have to use it, so you have to save up everything that needs repairs, but that's not the point, we want to fix the things asap.  My suggestion is small packets.  It appears to work on most objects but not all."
Been using it since they started - works well with about everything
Interesting product. It really does harden after a few hours and can be used for just about anything.
"Love this stuff. If you don't know what it is, YouTube it!"
"This stuff is for ""life hackers"" only - this stuff is legit AF"
"I got this for my husband's Christmas stocking. It is the perfect gift for someone who is hard to shop for!!

Pros:
Super easy to use (directions are very clear)
Amazing for protecting charging cords and so many other uses!
No chemical or glue smell

Cons:
These little individual packs are expensive for one use ONLY. We only used half the packet and stuck in in a ziploc to save for later but it dried out within hours. So you really need to use the entire packet in one use."
Great
"This stuff works well. It is not perfect like the commercial say...but will hold most things pretty well. We used it on a spa cover that had tears, and it holds but didn't keep it fully together."
My husband loves this stuff! This was our second order.
I've used this product before.  Paid 12.00 for a pkg. of 3.  This is a great price.
LOVE IT
Made perfect off white color by blending a tiny amount of yellow with 2 whites. Waiting to see if it holds item for several days where applied.
I have fixed a couple MacBook charger cables and lightning cables. Now I use it reinforce any new expensive cables. As well as forming some handles on some of my tools. It has been a great add to my junk draw.
"This was not at all what I expected after viewing the video and reading about it. It doesn't hold secure. I've tried using it to attach a small battery light to the closet door, but found it on the floor. Tried again with the same result. I tried to use it several other ways with similar results. Waste of money."
works good
works good
great item
"This stuff is the bomb.  Fixed my macbook cord in just a few minutes.  It does not shrink when it cures, and it is amazingly solid when it does...."
great stuff.  Repairs things that cannot be fixed otherwise.  I like them on wires to reinforce the connection so they don't break so quickly
"Slightly expensive but great for repairing small things that'd be expensive to fix, like plastic bits and glasses. WORTH IT; it'll keep longer in the fridge."
works as advertised
works as advertised
Tried to fix some Hess trucks with it. It lasted a few days before it just broke off again. So I used a defferent kind of tape that seals to itself and that did the trick.
Starts off working well but then hardens up and breaks apart.
It really works!
AMAZING.  Where has this been all my life
Amazing stuff used it to put rubber bumpers on my mom's hand held electronics (she has a tendency to drop stuff.)  Has already saved a remote control.
I have used it for a couple repairs and it works great.
"What can I say its Sugru. It is very versatile. I have repaired a few things a few days after receiving it. I fixed a broken cellphone cable, and now it is better than new. I have begun brainstorming as to the may options and ways to use Sugru. The possibilities are endless and up to your imagination. I would recommend this item to anyone who has cell phones or cables."
Another stocking stuffer for my hubby.  Have purchased for same in previous years and went all out on the multiple colors with the sugru this time.  It's a pretty cool product that can be used for so many different applications.  Great stuff!
"1 star because although I received a fresh package of Sugru Moldable Glue and glued a small plastic-to-plastic item the bond did not hold. I was very careful in preparing the surfaces and washing my hands as the instructions advised. It seemed to bond okay at first, but within a few days after curing the bond separated. I had purchased 8 Single Use Packs and stored the remaining 7 packages in the fridge--as directed. I decided to try to bond the item again, so I took one of the unopened packages of Sugru out of the fridge and let it reach room temperature before I tried to use it. Once I opened the package I found that the Sugru had dried up and had turned into a piece of hard rubber. When I checked the other 6 packages I realized they were all dried and hard as well. There are expiration dates on each of the individual packages, and mine were several months away from being expired, but that did not matter. I was unable to return the Sugru Moldable Glue for a refund or replacement as my 2nd attempt at using the glue was past the 30-day purchase date. This was an expensive glue that didn't work for me. If you buy this product, I hope your mileage varies."
100 % recommendeed  good quallity
"This stuff is fabulous! I had two cables (laptop and phone) with wires showing, so instead of buying new, I decided to try this. And it's amazing. Am actually trying to think of other things I can use it to fix ..."
"I am so glad I found this product. I believe it was an ad on one of my news sites.

I never felt like throwing away cables with broken isolation, as long as they continued to work. For a temporary to mid-term fix I always used duct tape. Of course I had to renew the tape every now and then, but it was the only available solution. Now that I have found Sugru, I have removed all the duct tape and applied Sugru to my broken cables. They are as good as new!

Before: I fixed my cables with duct tape.
Now: I am using Sugru Moldable Glue. (Honestly, a far superior solution!)"
Works great!
"Is there anything you can't do with this stuff?? There are so many cool uses for this stuff it's wild. Just look on youtube for some sugru life hacks, then get you some!"
"Have used it for several projects, works great."
"Only 6 month of use after receiving it!  The price is very expensive for something that expires this fast.  I am desperately looking for things that need to be repaired using this stuff, but I now realize I purchased to much to be able to use it in just 6 months.  If someone had reviewed how short the shelf life was i would have either purchased less or none.

I think that if it is in a closed container and still only has a shelf life of less than a year it is a rip off!  I was going to give it 3 stars but the more I tink about it the less I think it should get that god a review.  it cures fast - 24 hours once opened, which is good.  However I am really hung up on the short shelf life.  no, I will not recommend it or buy it again."
Overpriced
very usefull
I am amazed at what I have been able to fix or upgrade with this.
great  for the price !!  I would buy more items from them.
Used it once.  But not exactly the way they suggest.  It did work perfectly for my purposes.
"What a great invention!  I've only used it for one project so far (the one I purchased it for), and it's worked perfectly.  I plan on keeping some on hand all the time, as it's such a versatile product.

I used it to replace some mouse-eaten bits of the trim around my garage door.  When used on it's own, the mice chewed through it, so I got creative.  I cut some bits of aluminum can to fit the chewed out area, and covered it with Sugru, and then molded that into place.  It's been there for a couple of months now, and there have been no more mouse intrusions!"
"Pricy
Not as advertise
Don't buy it"
This stuff is magic.  I've fixed cables coming loose from a pair of headphones.  Can't wait to fix other things!
"I was looking at the potential of a $400+ repair job on my hot tub. Between that and the cost of the house call, I was wondering if replacing the broken pipe was really worth it. Enter Sugru - the most amazing product since duct tape. With just two little packets of this magic stuff, my hot tub was back up and running with no leaks. The best part: it's been a year and it's still going strong. Thanks, Sugru!"
didnt work for my apple macbook pro charger.
"Works great but quite pricey. I've mainly used it to fix the input wires into my computer. I have a Mac and they supposedly are using more ""ecological"" cables - I don't believe it for a minute. I think they just made them cheaper. I've had to replace the whole freaking unit at a cost of around $50 twice a year. Since I got this I put it on straight away where the weak point is (where it enters the computer) and it's worked so far - five months and no sign of fraying.. So even if expensive, it really beats buying a whole new unit."
"Very pricy
Doesn't work"
Ever needed to fix an iphone cable that's broken at the junction between cable and end?  This can do that.  Need to save a laptop charger from disrepair?  Try this.  Absolutely love this stuff!  Its saved me time and again from odd splinches in cables and even helped me fix my rain collector in the front yard from falling apart.  You'll always find a new use for it.
I bought this product years ago overseas and have loved it ever since. Unlike command strips it doesn't have the nerve to fall off of a wall or like electrical tape by becoming unsticky. In my honest opinion this stuff is definitely worth the money!
Used it on all my Apple charging cords. They have a tendency to short/wear out near the ends. Works great so far.
works as advertised.
works like a champ
works well
"Fabulous. Used it on my Mac power adapter when it started to get kinky by the brick. Has saved us $30 - $80 each that we repair vs replace.

Can use for a ton of things - Google ""Sugru Uses"" (or similar) for more ideas if you find you have way more than you need."
"bought the glue during a sale based on the outstanding review, not really believe patching up usb charging cable worth the price tag. But when the drone crashed into the branch, this little thing play big. The WIFI antenna connector got broken, so called ufl connector,  it is so tiny that I can't secure the wire back to the connector, while dissemble more parts to replace the whole rf cable looks terrifying.  The moldable glue solved my problem. Surely I am also able to glue back a broken mounting plate for the drone and use the left over to patch up a few charging cables...Would suggest this if you have anything not that common for easy replacement and patching it up could be good solution."
"While it is neat for some things, I found I cannot use it for all the things shown in their demo video.  In fact, after seeing the video I was quite surprised at the flexibility and lack of strength or shape retention that the dried material actually exhibits.  On the plus side, it is easy to use, very customizable, and affordable.  Just know that it may not work for your intended use."
Saved me about a hundred bucks by allowing me to use my torn up winter boots another season in Minnesota. I can't believe how well it's held up and how easy it was to apply!
"I purchased this item as a stocking stuffer for my husband.  Really I wanted it for myself so as soon as he took it out I grabbed it and proceeded to give him my own infomercial on how awesome this stuff is.  So far we have only used it to reinforce our phone charging cords.  Seriously, if that is all we do it will be worth it.  I have some other projects in mind thought and can't wait to get them going!"
This stuff works for a lot of things
"Sugru is something that is great to have in your toolbox, photography bag, or just around the house. It's one of those things that's handy in a way that nothing else quite is and once you've played with it once, you'll find new ways to use it. This pack is pretty versatile and there's all kinds of little projects it will help with, even if you don't know it yet."
"7/14/17 update
I used it to fix a handle on a whirlpool microwave. It looks good. It seems to be sticking. I don't like that it takes A LOT of the material (I had to use more than 4 of the little packets) to make the handle stick to the door only because Sugru is so expensive. But it is cool that it works so far, so I am giving it 3 stars from the previous 1 star.
***********
So far it has not worked. I used it to glue the sole back on my kid's shoes and it did not work. Right after my kid wore the shoe the sole started to come off. Maybe I did not use enough? I have other projects and will update after those are completed."
"This stuff is fantasic. Using this set so far I
a) Created a ""dock connector for mac""
b) Fixed broken head phones
c) Added and fixed a USB host plug to my table to hold keyboard wireless receiver buy just sticking a damn extension table to underside of the desk
d) Fixed the lid of a auto-open trash can for which the screw posts are broken.

and still have 4 packs left over!"
"It doesn't quite work as advertised. The putty leaves a residue when it's not dry - and does not wash off easily from hands. I attempted to repair two things: a plastic lamp switch and a fraying jack on a pair of headphones. After drying overnight, the piece of Sugru I molded around the broken lamp switch had remained on, but didn't really grip anything, thus making it kind of useless. The headphone jack fared better, but after about two weeks, the dried Sugru started fraying from it."
Works really well for the things I've tried it on.  First I used it to build up the thumb rest on a baritone saxophone (musicians will understand). I had a little left from that job so I used it to patch a tiny leak in an air compressor hose - not sure if that's going to hold or not. I've also used it in a couple of electrical repairs to insulate and reinforce the wire connections. Really easy to use and cures to a slightly rubbery consistency that remains somewhat flexible. Supposed to be easy to remove but I haven't tried that yet.
"Meh. I thought this was going to be great and save me a ton of money without replacing computer cords, however, the Sugru dries like slightly more flexible play-doh. Still cracks and falls off. Disappointed."
it's not as flexible as i thought. i breaks once dried
neat hard dubber stuff but the extirpation date is short lived  and you don't get much for the price
could of used play doh.  easily come apart.
Gifted to grand sun who uses Sugur to fix all kinds of things.
Gave as a gift to grand kids...they both use Sugru and love the stuff.
Jumped at this fad.  Used to repair the ipad and other apple cables.  Saved money on buying new cables but the globs due start to crack and break eventually.
"I have a color Nook BNTV250. Barnes and Noble stopped supplying products for this version at least a year ago, maybe two. I found out when I tried to buy a replacement charging cable. I could really spend this entire review blasting B&N for their attitude problem, but the review is for the Moldable Glue, so... This is a great product. It has saved my Nook cord. I wish that I had purchased it a long time ago and applied it before the cord got so frayed and the original rubber cracked so far down. (Once it begins to crack it is only a matter of time before the whole thing goes.) I had to apply two packets of the glue to wrap the entire broken section. I thought I had it all wrapped the first time but realized after it set that there were still little tips of the frayed wires sticking through so I had to put on another packet. It's not pretty, but it works. I just hope I didn't make it so heavy that it pulls the cord out of the tip cover. So, my advice is that before you begin wrapping the glue make sure you have the wires all twisted/flattened together. Don't worry about getting it on your handsit washes off pretty easily. I have very sensitive skin and am very allergic but I had no reaction to this on my skin and I used it twice. The only drawback is that I thought the multi-pack I was purchasing contained all black glue. I was surprised to find out it was black and white. I definitely recommend this product."
"If you aren't already familiar with this stuff, get some and become familiar. It is magical"
This stuff has a thousand different uses and works great. I recently used it to make little 'feet' to elevate a knife block next to our kitchen sink so that the bottom wouldn't sit in water puddles and rot out. Each little packet made two feet cylindrical feet about 1/2 inch tall and 1/2 inch in diameter. Cured in about 24 hrs.
"I originally bought them to attach string LED lights to the brick walls in my backyard by making hooks out of the Sugru, but I ended up using two whole packs of the black Sugru for only one wall and was only able to make about 4 hooks out of it. You have to use a lot of it, otherwise the hook will slowly fall down as it's drying. You also have to make the hooks quickly once you open the package, and the black Sugru will turn your hands completely black and it will take about 20 minutes of washing your hands to get all the black gunk off. The hooks are still on the brick wall so they did hold up once I made them thicker, but the black hooks against a light brown brick wall looks a little tacky. I still have 6 packs left but I can't find anything to use it for. Still trying to find a better solution on how to attach string lights to a brick wall if anyone has any suggestions."
Love this stuff
"Doesn't work.  I've tried it on a number of things, and it doesn't hold.  Don't waste your time or money."
They thought it was cool.
"I got them mostly to fix all my apple cables and to prevent the breaking of the newest cable I bought. You have to use a very, very thin layer in order to make sure the cable is still flexible. I use 1 packet for 6 cables (used it in both ends) and for earbuds (both ears and the plug); after 24hrs the cables were good and flexible.

The first time I use 1 packet for 4 cables but it wasn't flexible at all and after a few moves, the fix was separated from the connector and I could remove it by using my nails.

I'm still exploring the product page to put in a good use the rest of the packets. I already try the ""cable holder"", just roll up a small ball and place it where you want the cable to be, I used the same cable to make the indentation in the right size and it holds the cable perfectly without falling off. Good way to keep all the cables connected and use them when you need them."
Did not really work for me. Tried to use for magnets. Never set.
"Received dried out and unusable.  I have heard great things about the product, but this purchase was a waste of money."
this is the most versatile and helpful in many way.
Works like a charm
"Works great but I wish it either came in smaller packages.  If you don't use it all right away, it tends to cure in the package, even when I kept it in a zip loc bag.  It is good to reinforce the newest style of iPhone charging cords which tend to break far to quickly."
If you never used this putty  you should try it is  simply amazing  to fix things ?
"Highly recommend. You can use it for anything: make your mac charger indestructible, have magnets in your stand-in shower (for the curtain), etc., etc, etc."
So many uses for this stuff.. so few packs to use..
very useful but a bit expensive for what it is . . .
"Usually these types of products have disappointed me. But Sugru lives up to its promise. I used it to install a shower curtain rod without drilling holes into the wall (the tension rods kept slipping and falling, so I wanted a more permanent solution). I made simple hooks to hang bathroom accessories. And I also fixed my mac's fraying power card. Awesome product, highly recommend."
"At first I was a bit in awe of this product, the idea of being able to fix, seal, bond, etc.  materials with a moldable/shapeable glue seemed very attractive.  Unfortunately, use of the product proved that a solution like that is still not quite here yet.  I got a white and black package.  I used the white to create a hook as seen on their website, but after 2 days, the hook portion broke off.  The black was just a horrible experience.  I was trying to stick a lightweight plastic frame to a wooden surface.  Prepping the black sugru was very unpleasant and left black stains all over my hands that days later I was still trying to rub away.  The plastic frame did not have much luck and fell off 3 days after.  I followed the instructions and even went on the website for guidance but this stuff just does not work as advertised.  It is also ridiculously high-priced!"
This stuff was AWESOME. We had a dual-tank humidifier and one of the tanks cracked all across the bottom. Sun Beam no longer makes that particular humidifier so I had to fix it or just use one tank and refill it super often. This stuff sealed the cracks right up and cured to a hard rubber.
Product as described
"A life saver and better than the original product that broke. I bought a new expensive pan and dropped the lid, the handle cracked. Formed a new one with this product and still using the pan. It has held up to washing, cooking and dropping!"
I have used this product for about 4 years and have repaired so many things around my home and I love the ease of use and lasting results.
Great for repairing the phone ubs cables.
Molded after 24 hours
"I was reluctant to try this, but it actually works!  I used it to replace the broken hook on my Sonic Scrub where you wind the power cord. I thought I was going to get rid of my Sonic, but not any more."
very good
Really works!...I dropped my laptop and a big hunk of the bottom corner broke off and was stepped on before I could try to put it back in place. You take out a color of your choice (black for me) work it til it gets malleable then attache it to the missing spot. you smooth it out and then let it harden for about an hour.. It was worth it's weight in gold for fixing things you'd mostly work around...
"This stuff works great. I was able to fix a laser printer fusion roller with this, believe it or not."
"Sugru is the great multipurpose bonding agent for rubber and plastic.  I've used to repair handles, charging cords, chairs rubber foam arm rests.  It has lots of other uses and is great for molding and cushioning things.

The only downside is that it's got a limited lifespan.  I'd stock up, but you really never know when you're going to need it and it's easier as a Prime member to just buy it when it run into a job I need it for.  That said, you can extend the life of it by storing in the fridge."
Not sure where to start with this. Keep my TV remote from rocking back and forth? Save my iPad cable from completely cracking up? This is great stuff!
"Great for quick fixes, sometimes I just wish it didn't so long to set."
"Difficult to mold into any ""neat"" shape.  Tends to make lumpy a looking shape.  Used on two projects and both crumbled after a few weeks"
"Needed to replace the little plastic bits on the back of our glass cutting board/trivet, and thought we were going to have to throw the board away.  I tried this and like magic, it worked!  I was a total skeptic and did not think that a soft pliable piece of putty would stick, but it did, and it remains stuck! It hardened overnight and really worked. This is a great invention.  I'm a fan for life!"
this is great stuff. just be mindful of what really needs repair!
We use this stuff all the time around the house with amazing results.
Wow
Good.
"I love love LOVE this stuff. I've used it for all kinds of projects, and have really only been disappointed a couple times when it doesn't adhere to certain materials like I expect. I'll be ordering more soon!"
Just opened my package from Amazon. Package seemed fine. It's not malleable at all... as if it had already hardened. The expiration date is Dec 2017. So disappointing.
worked well repairing my Macbook Pro charger cable! Sweet!  well worth the price just for that repair!
"Sugru lives up to its claims and then some. I used it to construct a scientific model and the result is a colorful and indestructible model that students can safely handle. There are multitudes of applications for Sugru from mundane fix-it projects to creative arts. It is easy to use, easy to clean up, and very forgiving with its long curing time. Once set, it stays put. Sugru is exactly the material I was looking for, and I am very pleased that I found it.

PS: Please mark my review as 'helpful'
Thank you!"
good value for great stuff to fix and adapt all sorts of things that bindr clips won't
"So at first I thought this stuff was amazing!  I had a few power cords that were starting to separate at the plug so I got these.  Easy enough to apply -- way more than I needed in an individual packet (wish there was a smaller size options within the pack).  And it worked great!...at first.  About 6 weeks later it was like I just put a plastic ring around the cord and it didn't stay attached, moving away from the plug, down the cord, and rendering itself useless.  Was hoping to get at least a few months out of it.  So if you need a short-term solution this works, but don't expect it to be a replacement."
"Best solution for frayed/broken/failing connection between end of a wire and it's plug or the strain relief.  I didn't realize how many wires or cables I had that were failing at one end or the other.  I fixed my TV cable, circular saw, postage scale, angle grinder, etc.  It does this job extremely well.  Haven't really come across any other particular use. Four starts instead of five as I feel the product is a little pricey."
"Used it to secure prescription glasses inside new full face snorkel mask, works like a dream.  pretty good stuff"
Works great! Especially on my cell phone cords!!
"Yay, fun stuff!  I used it to replace a wheel on the microwave turntable trivet.  GE wanted $40 to replace the whole trivet, but I only needed a wheel.  Works great!!"
"awesome idea, good stuff"
As advertized.
This is magic! An awsome product!
"My first time trying, it doesn't stick on objects quite as easily as I had hoped, you have to press and flatten...but oh the things I could do. I was just looking for broken things everywhere. Seems like if a bunch came in a bottle that screwed on you could keep it moist. I don't like having to use the entire thing in the packet all at once."
"Sugru. I buy a lot. I use a lot of this product!
I tell everyone, on the Sugru Facebook  page....yep!"
"This stuff is wonderful! I used it to repair the small plastic remote control I use for my car. The hole in the plastic device (for the key ring to go through) had worn through so it would no longer stay on the ring. A small amount of Sugru fixed it! It's now back on my key ring where it belongs. I also used it as a hack to improve a bead rack I bought, and again, it worked perfectly. The only thing is that this stuff only stays pliable for about 30 minutes once you open the packet. After that it starts to harden up. So you need to plan carefully for what you're going to do, and have all your materials assembled and ready to go before you open the packet and get started."
"Oh my gosh! Where have you been all my life? I'M 69 and love this stuff. No more marks on my counter from my aluminum trivet. Put it on the feet of a heavy trivet, too. Love this product. I am giving it to my son-in-law for Christmas"
"Great for fixing or customizing items!  Easy to mold but research how to work with it before you start using it.  If you can afford to buy extra, practice with it if this is your first time using it.  It will get stuck in any cracks or grooves in your fingers.  Use a little water and soap to help make it smooth or it will forever hold your fingerprints.  Only buy as much as you are going to use, I found that it gets harder to work with when you get closer to its use by date.  It adheres to pretty much anything but is easy to deal with if you need to remove it.  It would be a 5 star product if it stayed good in the package for a longer period of time."
"This stuff works great! I used it to fill a gap in a piece of Ikea furniture that had a stripped screw, used it to fill in a chip on a ceramic plate, and also to cover some exposed wire on my headphones. I am a huge fan.
I do wish that it was available in smaller packs, because no matter how well I wrap up the leftovers, it does not stay soft enough to use once you have opened it."
It works okay. I suggest using this and covering it with electrical tape.
"Used this to repair the very cracked dash in my 2000 Dodge Ram pickup which over the years, two replaced radios, and from one heater core replacement has gotten several cracks. Although cosmetically it's not appealing because I didn't put the necessary effort and time into it, it works great at putting all the pieces back together and by mixing equal parts of each color the match is almost spot on."
It worked on my hair dryer where the cord coating had peeled back.  It did not work on my shoes which were splitting.not sure it's any better than glue in most cases.when it's right it's perfect though.
"For fixing stuff that needs fixing! I needed this to repair the back of my Fitbit Charge. The rubber was separating from the plastic and it's as good as new. I had a bit of extra sugru so I added bumpers to the corners of my cell phone case too. Easy to use, very clear instructions. Note anyone thinking of buying some, you gotta use it before it expires, the product will expire and become completely unusable."
"This stuff is awesome! Had a snapped piece of plastic on my scooter headlight, this fixed it. Very sturdy and solid."
I like this product!
Amazing how many uses you can think of once you get started
"Amazing stuff, unlimited number of uses only held back by your imagination"
"I love this stuff!! My dishwasher top rack was losing its coating and rusting and falling apart. $100 to replace! I put the Sugru on the rusted parts and 4 months later it's still holding up great. I used it to fix a broken hook in my car and to cover a hole in a sneaker. I do wish you didn't have to use it all at once, but for me it's a small price to pay. I try to keep a list of back up ideas for when I really need to use it so I don't have to throw any away."
Was fine for a few weeks then snapped in half. Destroyed the plug for my laptop.
Perfect for beefing up USB cables.
Great product!  I used it for my cell phone charger and shower curtain rod that kept on falling.
This is really cool stuff. I am only giving it 4 stars because it is quite expensive for such a small am't. That said if you have a small repair job this works very well!
Repaired several charger cords. Easy to use. Worked as advertised. Great product.
my son recommended this to me to help fix a leaky pipe.  It worked great.  I am buying more just to have around.
Great item!
Stuff works great and Amazon always quick to ship
Amazing stuff.
I can't wait to find my next use for it.  Really cool
"I like the product a lot! Had a slit in my dryer that was catching clothes and fixed it with Sugru! I wish the packets were smaller, as once it's open you have to use it all."
I had a crack in my trunk where the spoiler attaches. I out this in between the spoiler and the trunk and it sealed it great! I was going to use silicon but this turned out way better and cleaner!
Intriguing stuff. Love the versatility.
nice to make a custom mount
This stuff is awesome and works great. It is a little hard to get off fingers. I suggest using latex gloves when handling it.
It took a while for it to dry but once it was dry it held pretty good!!
"Works great, but very short shelf life makes it impractical to keep around."
Exactly As described.
I have only used it one time but it worked great!
Everything  as advertised. Used it to repair iPad charging cable & a foot for a dish drainer
Love this product for fixing hard to fix items!  Love not throwing something away just because a small part broke.  Fixed the lid knob to my crock pot with this.
This stuff is great for all kinds of repairs and tweaks. Keep the packets in the fridge and they last a lot longer.
Fix almost anything in a flash!
This stuff is insane. It is everything it's advertised to be.
Good as advertised.
Very good!
Nothing like it. Really glad I found Sugru!
Used this product to fix the frayed connection on my MP3 player. Worked like a charm!
"Arrived quickly, but product is not easily gotten. It is a tiny amount smeared on the inside of the package and hard to get. One of the tiny packets I had was leaking, so I got even less. Maybe it's old?"
I love this stuff!
"I tried to use this to fix a rubbermaid step stool I have that the leg broke on. I thought that it would be a great glue. I am a fan of Epoxy gel, and make ceramic art, so I use every glue that says it can glue ceramic or plastic. This stuff is bright colored, so I knew it probably wasn't my ceramic glue choice for attaching hangers, but I thought maybe  would be good for plastic.

I mixed it up, and used it to attach the area of the step stool that broke. I let it cure until the next day. When I touched it, it did not stay attached at all. The ONLY positive thing I have to say about it is that it was easy to peel off the step stool, so I could use epoxy gel to fix the break. I also use plumbers putty epoxy when I want to attach something but fill in space. I always am looking for something that works better, because epoxy is messy and the left over is hard to get out of the tube once you start using it. But this was not effective at all."
"after awhile it just came off.  not happy at all, its trash"
I used this to fix SO MANY THINGS. I even made new buttons for my appliances!
Was not what I expected  It did stick on plastic to metal like I wanted.
"Excellent product, works great. Seller recommended."
"I like the product, it is easy to apply. It has a strong odor and it leaves some residue on the hand so make sure your clean your hand carefully from the chemical. The only thing I dislike is the possible side effects and how much is left after the product dries. Also, once a pouch is open you have to use it all or what is left will dry. I used it to fix some of the charging cables I have and to cover the wires to prolong their life. All after all, I'm satisfied with the purchase and would recommend this to anyone."
This stuff is nothing but silicon caulk with cornstarch mixed into it. Do a web search to see how to simply make it yourself. It also EXPIRES if you don't use it and then you must then throw it away.
"This stuff did not stick to the plastic where I tried to fix a piece that had broken off. I tried to make a hook to hold a light plastic mirror and it broke off. It isn't as flexible when dry as I had hoped. Not what I expected and not as easy to work with as they make it look. Still, it is okay and for a skilled person it might work better."
"""The fix"" doesn't last longer than a week."
"This is a very useful moldable plastic putty/glue to be molded into just about any shape,  lots of uses around the house!"
This stuff is fantastic
it's amazing
"really great product, little expensive and when I bought it says - I will get various colors, instead I received only black color :(."
"All of us encounter those problematic little problems around the house...the end of our iPad charging cord seems loose, the new bathroom towel rack has bars which are not ""attached"" and fall out of the wall holders each time we reach for a towel, one of the feet of the crock pot fell off....I could go on and on.  This stuff fixes all this and MORE.  I purchased two packs and I have been fixing things like mad!  All I can say is STOP ME NOW...I am looking for things to repair now.  This product is as good as the advertisement!  Get yourself some and, as the package directs, ""FIX THAT THING""!  Truly an amazing product."
Love this stuff. Bought more in different colors. Very versatile. I wish I invented this!
This really did work for me. I tried using if for different products and they all failed.
Sugra can fix anything. I even used it to glue the letters together in this review :) Fun stuff!
Amazing invention!
nice
"Sugru (""Hacking Putty"" as it was first sold as) is very versatile in fixing things. I used it to fix the attachment screw on my KitchenAid. After 15yrs of use, the enamel cracked off. With Sugru, I fixed it and can wash it if it gets dirty. I also fixed the handle on a reusable water bottle. Then, i reattached the back of remote-controlled toy."
"I bought this to fix the shelves in my refrigerator because it was far cheaper than buying new shelves. The refrigerator was not cheap and is only a few years old, but the shelves in it are cheap, the worst I've ever had. To replace one shelf would have cost me $100! Thank goodness for Sugru. This product worked exactly as promised. It is low odor and fun to use. I watched a few videos of how to use it and then jumped in and fixed my shelf. The shelf is glass with plastic around the edges supporting the glass. It had cracked terribly in two places making the shelf almost unusable. The white Sugru matched the white plastic of the shelf pretty closely and made a very clean-looking and sturdy mend. It has held up well for the past three months. Since I bought the 8-pack, I still have plenty left over for when the next shelf cracks. I highly recommend this product."
"Soooo many uses. I keep buying this over and over. It's unbelievable all you can do with it. I've used it to mount things, organize wiring in stereo cabinets, stop rattles (license plate rattled when closing trunk, 2 little balls of Sugru to back of plate did the trick). Even made tool hangers in the garage with it. Wonder if I could build a boat with it:-)"
"Sugru makes me feel like I'm living in the future. It's super convenient to form a variety of fixes and fixtures, and this stuff really has worked great for me."
"I just tried using it, utter garbage, it all just crumbled into pieces.  I would not hold together to be molded into anything.  I sure wish I would have tried it before losing my chance to return it."
this stuff is amazing. I got it to modify my gaming mouse to make it more ergonomic.  Still itching to figure out what else it can be used for.
Product with expiry date.
"This stuff is really expensive and also works extremely well.  I used it to repair a Microsoft Surface Arc that lost it's foot and the repair almost looks flawless.  I replaced the long since lost rubber feet on a laptop as well.

The major flaw with this stuff is that it expires.  I bought an 8 pack and managed to use 2 of the packets, the other 6 went in fridge because it says on the package they'll last 3x longer!  Well I needed one tonight so I pulled them.  They expired Nov of 2017, it's March 2018, and they're all hard as a rock and completely useless.

Absolutely don't buy this product quantity because it doesn't keep.  It's really a shame because it seems like something you'd want to keep rainy day stock of."
"This a great value if you've seen a 1 or 2 pack for $11 anywhere else. I have used some in recent craft projects, as this is silicone based you want to make sure that you know your color will stick, silicone avoids bonding to many paints. The black coloring agent will get on things you mold with (fingers, tools, table) but its easily washable. I don't have a use for it now, but I bought a big pack because I know there will be something down the road where I'd say ""I really need that sugru stuff for this"""
"This stuff is awesome, used it for a broken glass piece, my MacBook charger, and a phone case."
These are cool. and work as advertised
Doesn't stick as well to painted drywall as I had hoped.
"I love the Idea of this stuff.  I purchased a few packs many years ago when it was first released; I struggled to find useful applications for the product.  I bought this multi-color pack on a lightning deal (the price is much lower now than 5+ years ago when it shipped from UK) at a great price, I just couldn't resist the deal and wanted to see if I could find some new uses.

Problem being, I have had it for a few weeks trying to find something to use it on :(

I think Sugru is a great invention,  When I have found uses for it, performs just as promised and depending on your ability to mold it smoothly works well.  You need to be attentive while shaping and conscious of fingerprints otherwise you end up with a lumpy result.  Think about working with play-doh or clay - how smooth of a surface can you get when hand molding an object?

There is a limited shelf life to the product and I have not tried refrigeration with opened packs yet.  The packs can be a little large for many of the small fixes that are suggested so if keeping the pack cool and closed truly does work it will allow an opportunity to use the rest of a package that would otherwise be wasted - one of the reasons I can't justify opening one for a small repair."
"Works, used it to fix my PS3 controller, and it worked better then I thought it did."
It is necessary in every home
"Great product, used it to fix our refrigerator plastic drawer and a picture frame."
Delivered on time and as described.  Thank you!
Stick things to other things.  Stick things that other things can't stick to other things to other things.  Fix things.  Cool stuff.
"Truly a miraculous material! It's like play-doh, except it cures into a flexible silicone over the course of a day or so. I've used it as a flexible adhesive, and to fix things where duct tape just doesn't cut it. It's now a must-have around the house."
"Works as advertised.

It is a unique product with unique uses.

And for those uniqe applications , there is nothing else like it in the market."
"So it does what it says it does. Turns to rubber, awesome. I like it. It's cool. I can see it fixing lots of things like a broken charger or a crack in the wall. I personally used it for a pot handle that gets REALLY hot when it's on the stove, hoping it'd enclose that heat and make the pot, well, hold-able. It didn't work. The pot's handle is still super hot to touch. Kind of a waste. I didn't exactly read up on Sugru being able to retain heat or anything, so I can't say it's their fault. HOWEVER! Another lame thing is that the black color was super messy. It got all over my (clean) hands and stuff. Really icky and inconvenient. Aside from that, no issues."
I like it and it worked as stated for what I was trying to repair but it comes in little packets-and once you open it I am not sure you will ever be able to use it again. The project I purchased this for was to repair a charger plug and it worked great for it but only a tiny amount was needed so I folded it over tightly and put it in a ziploc bag. Hopefully it will be usable when I need it again.
I find so many things that I use it for.
Very cool stuff. a bit pricey.
Love this stuff! great for fixing cords and I even used it to fix a plastic piece on my moms car.
Doesn't work very well. The objects I used it for never stayed together. Once dry it pretty much falls right off.
Good but a bit pricey for the relatively small amount of product contents
Good
"My only wish is that the packets came in half-size, because if you only need a tiny bit, the rest of the packet is wasted as there is no way to keep it from drying out. I tried. Many times."
Apparently the packaging is not air tight.  I used 2 packs and 6 months later it was all hardened in the unopened packs !
Awesome product. Completely repaired my favorite charging cord. A must buy!!
This product is just darn awesome.  Our phone charging cable was fraying and we used it on it.  Presto....fixed it immediately.  Can't say enough good things about this product.  Better order 2 packs or you will be sorry.
"Great product.  Works as advertised.  Fixed my eyeglasses' broken nose bridge.  So far so good, and hard to tell a repair was done.  Just what I was looking for."
"This moldable glue is a great invention for which there are probably endless uses.

I got this glue to fix the wheels on my rolling suitcase where the rubber had cracked and fallen off. I initially tried to order replacement wheels and was unsuccessful finding a clear replacement for my suitcase.

I used the Sugru Modable Glue by pressing it on the plastic section of the suitcase wheel that used to be covered by rubber. One packet of the Sugru Moldable Glue was enough (just barely) to create a new rubber wheel. Once the Glue dried, the suitcase rolled well and worked well to fix the problem. This was a much easier solution for me then trying to replace the wheel and cheaper than replacing the suitcase. I also now have a very easy to spot suitcase on the luggage carousel due to the bright colored wheels on my suitcase.

The moldable glue feels a lot like art clay. It stuck a very tiny bit to my fingers but mostly stayed together as a mass that stuck to itself. It was easy to use and worked exactly as described."
Excellent for making a cable strain relief!
I loved this product. It is exactly what it says it will do. Genius.
"I did not expect much, but decided to give it a try, and was not disappointed! Looks nice, feels nice, holds on to things I applied it to, does not leave mess or dirt."
"Received a package that was one month away from expiry.  It got the job done but was difficult to work with as a lot of the product stuck to the packet.  I've used this product before and ""fresher"" definitely makes a difference."
Works great
"I tis very interesting. Except it did not fix the item I was trying to use it for. But, it is worth the try and I will continue to use it on other applications"
Great stuff! I used mine to make my full face snorkle mask into a prescription one using an old pair of glasses.  Used mask during a Disney cruise. Worked perfect for my needs.  When I need to change the glasses out due to a prescription change I can.
Works like magic! Great to have at the house for many quick fixes!
Disappointed! Not sure if I quite have the knack for using this but have yet to find a useful purpose that this works for.
Saved a computer charging cord that was fraying. I was very impressed. I just wish it could be stored after opening for use at a later time. I rarely use the entire ball and end up having to throw away the remainder which is a bit of a waste =/
What a waste of money.  Extremely expensive for the quantity of product.  Not worth it.
What a simple way to repair things around the house that you would normally have to completely replace! I love it! I almost can't wait for something in my house to break!
"This is a fairly ingenious product. It works as advertised and is easy to use. My only complaint is that the amount in each package is really more than is needed for a lot of things. I used it primarily to fix phone charging cables and began using less than half to do the job. There's no way to save the rest and use it later so I ended up throwing some out. Never the less, I will buy more when I run out to keep around to fix other things."
Sugru is Sugreat!  must have in the toolbox and office.  Super handy for fixing microwave door handles and power cables alike!
really good product last long and its easy to use.
"If you love duct tape, this is a must have.  Some things need a harder setting fix and this works great for all the repairs duct tape is not quite up for."
Sugru is just one of those things I've come to rely on for a lot of repairs/modifications. I always keep some in my refrigerator for when I need it.
"works great, thanks"
This stuff does so much around the home.  It comes in soy sauce/ketchup type sized package. Looks and feels like play dough and drys to solid rubber in 24 hours. I fixed some lighting cables.  I also improved the fit of some earbuds by putting some in the flimsy rubber tips to add more support.
"With this and duct-tape, you can almost fix anything."
Great product to fix computer plugs.
"You never know when this will come in handy,  but it often does.  Sometimes I need smaller piece than the single pack,  but once opened it won't stay usable for long."
"Great stuff, just a little pricey.  I used this to repair my AntLion Mod Mic cord and worked great. I used half a packet and did what it was supposed to.  It only has a shelf life of 1 year unless you keep in the refrigerator, which extends to 3 years.  Cool stuff and can find many uses. I don't believe it is food safe, so no eating/drinking device repairs.  Great for electronic cords."
"Finally I found a glue that really works on a rip of my favorite rubber boots. Resists the traction, water and  mud. Purchase of several colors to try and think that this product is fully recommended for this use."
I only wish I would have known about Sugru earlier.  It's fantastic!  My dry vac cord was worn and I mended it with Sugru.  All fixed! I don't have to buy a new vacuum now!
Super neat product. I used to to make small bumpers on the edge of metal casters on a cart so the metal wouldn't damage woodwork.
"This does not really work like a glue.  It does not adhere well to hard, smooth surfaces such as plastic items."
Great product.
"I love this product but the markup is insane way too much. This stuff is basically a mixture of 100% silicone 1 caulk and some absorbent curing chemical like corn starch, although their mixture is more resilient and cuts better than homemade I'd say. The nuance of this stuff is that it is contained in packages so that you don't have to prepare a mixture of silicone 1 and corn starch whenever you need to use it. I'd wager that you could use self-amalgamating&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Emergency-Repair-Tape-Self-Fusing-Silicone-Tape-12-x-1-34/dp/B00KBSWRDO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Emergency Repair Tape, Self-Fusing Silicone Tape, 12' x 1""</a>&nbsp;for a lot of these applications. You're probably better off using tape to be sure of the consistency for things like faulty wires, and you can get away with using much less instead of an entire glob of Sugru."
Marvelous!!!
The product works fine but we have to use all the pack at once because it reacts with air. Customer service is excellent.
I used it to fix my dishwasher rack.
Fixes what is broken.
"I bought this product to reinforce the USB cable (both ends) of my Apple devices.  As anyone who has ever owned an Apple product knows, the USB and power connectors are prone to breakage near the end of the cable.  Sugru does a great job of reinforcing the ends so that the stress point is moved further into the cable where you typically don't grab it to remove from your device or the wall plug.  I highly recommend this product.  Note:  my reinforce job doesn't look nearly as good as the pictures they show in the product information, but aesthetics aside, it works great!"
"At this point, the charger for my Macbook pro is more sugru than original charger. Sugru the only reason that I haven't had to give Apple another $80 because their failed product falls apart with regular use."
"Works on almost anything. Used it on car,shower,sink,gameing pad,and many other things great fixer."
"The short shelf life is a deal breaker for me. Bought this to have on hand as needed. First time to use it, every pack in the set was cured and unusable. What a waste of money."
Works perfect for fixing teared Mac charger.
"This stuff is really very useful. I've patched up the end of many fraying Apple cords, and it works! I know there are many other uses for this stuff, but I'm just discovering it. Give it a try!"
This stuff works great for small fix its. Don't expect it to hold heavy items. It's easy and fun to use.
It didn't work on the two places I tried (microwave oven handle and car visor) and it's really messy to handle.
Great stuff
iloved it
useful and easy to use . It fills gabs .
good^^
"bought this to put 'bumpers' on the corners of MP3 players for young children.  worked great.  (hint: to smooth edges, moisten finger and go over the piece, lightly smoothing it as you go - perfectly smooth!  watch youtubes about this stuff to get other ideas).  an excellent product.

the only negative is that you need to plan ahead because though the packets are small enough to prevent unnecessary waste, they are useless once opened if you don't need all of the product.  no use trying to fold, tape and secure the rest of the product in the package for a later use - it dries out and becomes hard and completely unuseable.  maybe keep a list of other 'little' small no-rush projects with the box of sugru for when you open one and don't know what to do with the rest of the product before it dries out!"
"Initially purchased Sugru to repair my iphone charging cord, but have found a number of other household items to repair as well. Really neat stuff - stays pliable long enough to actually be able to mold into shape desired, fun colors that (thus far) do not fade, and if after a few days you decide you do not like what you've done - (surprise!) you can remove it!"
"I didn't realize this ended up a big colorful glump of plastic. I wanted to protect a child from the coffee table corners, but do not want a big colorful glump of plastic on my table."
Works great.
"I've repaired a white wicker knob, my toilet seat, the black handle on my sliding glass door, a pair of vintage shoes. a plastic shoe stand. I regret throwing out items I now believe I could have saved with Sugru.  I know it has saved me money. It's true, if playdoh and superglue had a child, it would be Sugru. Amazing stuff!  I absolutely love it!"
This product does what it says it will do and more. The only limitation is your imagination.
Works good. Price was cheaper than Lowes.
"I've used it to reinforce the end of a charging cable, and to form a clip for the same cable on the edge of my nightstand.. works as described. After kneading in my hands, they were feeling ""low friction"" for awhile, so don't handle this and then jump in the driver's seat of your car without a good wash.
I'm still coming up with miscellaneous repairs of items that may not have been repairable before this invention!
It's great stuff, if only just a little bit pricy. You really want to get the best use out of each bit."
"I got a bad batch.  I used to secure a metal monitor mount to the back of gechi 1303H plastic backing.  Divide the 1 piece into 4 small pieces and applied it to the corner of the metal bracket.  Then I lay the backing on top, add a few books for pressure and left it sitting 24 hours.  Next day, took the books off and lift the backing, the metal bracket stay on the floor.  What a disappointment!  The stuff is so expensive; not willing to try another due to cost.  I had my doubts, the stuff was not tacky enough to stick I thought to myself but try anyways.  Going back to using silicone adhesive."
"such a versatile product, considering to buy again if ran out of sugru"
"This stuff is a great solution to many problems. Easy to use, and the individual envelopes keep it fresh."
"Might be ok, didn't work for my aplication. Carefully check description of quantity.  You don't get much."
"The number of applications where Sugru offers a better fix than glue or double sided tape are limited:
 - Something that takes advantage of the moldability and structure of Sugru.  I fixed a child's toy this way where superglue wouldn't cut it.
 - Something that needs to be stronger than double-sided tape (which is much cheaper), but not as strong a say Gorilla-glue (which is also cheaper).

Because the number of projects Sugru is uniquely best for are limited, I wish I would have gotten the full 13 months to use before expiration.  Mine arrived with about 10 months remaining.  Yes, you can theoretically triple that time by storing it in the fridge, but this means effectively lost 9 months.

And if you have interest, applications where Sugru is less helpful:
 - Where you need a really strong hold, like various construction applications.
 - Where you need a lot of the stuff.  As others have mentioned, it's not practical to make projects with it since it's so darn expensive.
 - Applications where aesthetics matter.  Coming in such bold colors, it's not meant to be a hidden solution."
"I bought this product more than 1 year ago, and I buy another 2 of it this time.
To my opinion, every family should have 1 pack of this thing, just in case.
Be aware of its expiration date. It's getting dry after 1 year or so."
"Processing is also easy to, voila is also beautiful.
Can be used in a variety of things there is also waterproof"
doesn't hold like described
Product works perfect for fixing all my frayed cables.
"Cool! This really twirls my geek beanie. I have made a new receptacle for the power plug that broke (read I could not insert the power cord because the frame for it was cracked and missing a major part and I could not order a replacement plastic piece so it was discard or fix). It works like a charm! I am so happy to save my pressure cooker from the trash heap all for a 30 cent part that I can't order.

I fixed a CPAP mask that had broken strap holding arms. I even put a cute mustache on the front with the black Sugru. That part requires $35 with insurance and $8 without, either way it requires a prescription. A Rx to fix the darn thing! Cost me $2.75 to fix it with Sugru.

I fixed my headphones that were about to break. The wire was coming loose and the wire sheath had torn. All fixed up with no stiffness, no further damage, and a major cost savings. SCORE!

I find myself wandering all over the house and office trying to find things to fix!"
"This stuff is great.  I've found more uses for it than  I thought I had.  I just wish it were a bit cheaper, and that the Sugru lasted a bit longer after it was opened."
"Finally something to easily repair rubber, cord and most other items"
"Greatest invention ever! So many uses, only limited by your imigineariom. I have fixed so many if,e around the house. I use the black and grey pack more. But I am sure these colors will come in handy. I do wish they made a bigger pack in the black and grey, but be advised there is really no way to keep it from hardening after u open package. So use it up right away, or after a few hours or it is too hard to use."
"Sugru is awesome stuff. This was my second order. I used it to fix the cracking plastic on my iPhone cord where it connects to the plugs. It was exposing the metal shielding inside. I wrapped a little Sugru around it, molded it, and it's fixed! It's nicely flexible so it's almost like part of the cord.
The only real drawback I've seen is that it looks like what it is... putty that you've molded with your hands. My fingerprints are permanently part of the cord now. Will have to look into better ways to shape it in the future when it matters."
"This stuff is genius.  Used it connect some metal brackets to plastic.  The item broke because I dripped it, but the connection between Sugru held tight."
did not have to replace my curling iron!  just made a new knob to release my hair.  No more burns!
Perfect! My husband used it to fix our Kuerigg coffee maker's water reservoir that cracked at the bottom. Good as new.
Didn't work as rubber covers on the feet of a chair. It rubbed off against our porcelain tile after a week or so.
"This is magic.  I wasn't sure what the cured product would be like, but it's very strong.  I used it to repair a plastic access door in one of my power tools and it has held up well.  Be sure to press it in firmly and mold it to fit.  Once it is cured, it can be trimmed with a very sharp razor blade or utility knife."
Works great.
"This stuff is amazing. I've used it to repair phone chargers that frayed at the ends. It is really incredible how well it worked and how flexible and durable it is. When you open the package it is like play-dough and after 24 hours it is silicone. The website has a ton of information about it, just google the product for more ideas and applications."
Love this stuff. I can fix anything with Sugru
Great product. The applications and uses are endless.
This stuff is great. Use some gloves whenever you're molding this stuff. I made a mount on my motorcycle helmet with this stuff so it's great
awesome stuff
Too small and costly .It works well but for me simply to much money for a little product
Excellent !
"Very wasteful, as I only need a small amount of the product for my repairs but the remainder hardens and become unusable shortly after package is opened. The company recommends ""saving up"" your repairs until you have enough to use an entire packet or making fun doo-dads with the leftover. Neither of these are options in which I'm interested. If I have a repair, I want to do it right away. And, I don't want little homemade lego blocks. It also hasn't' worked on some items (e.g., sunglasses frame). I'm giving it two stars only because it did fix my cat's favorite toy and that was awesome."
Love this stuff...you can use it for anything.  Just wish they had an option of larger packets.
"Great idea but didn't really work. I shaped a ""hook"" to hold a pan. Worked great for a couple of months, then just dropped off the wall with the pan. Not a particularly heavy pan, either. I love the concept and really want it to work, but not thrilled with what it can do so far..."
good
really great product
"This works really well for mending phone charging cables.  That's what I bought it to do, and I wasn't disappointed."
"Sugru is the best!
My cheaply made, yet expensive food processor parts are determined to be replaced but Sugru keeps coming to the rescue."
Love this stuff!!  this comes in so handy and fixes so many things.
"Worked on some projects, fell off of half."
"Neat stuff! So far have just used it to reinforce charging cable connectors, but I know I will find more stuff to use sugru on. Has a chemical odor and leaves a film on fingers and the table, but both remove easy enough."
"Used this to mount a GoPro mount at a weird angle on to my helmet. Gave me exactly the right malleability to position how i needed. Was easy to clean up and remove excess before drying. Now that it's dry, the mount is very solid and looks great."
"I've used this to fix various things around the house including the mic boom on my headset. It's easy to use, not messy, and the final product after it has dried resembles a hardened silly putty. Cool stuff."
"I have a cat that chewed on my PC cord, and was down to metal on the connector to the pc.  This product was perfect.  I molded over the exposed areas, and even covered deeply chewed areas on the actual cord.  Dried perfectly and I feel so much safer without beginning exposed wires.  Saved me $$ too."
No workee
"messy, and one of the packs was already hard and unusable when i opened it.  I thought about complaining to the makers, but really was not worth it at the end of the day.  would i purchase more, the jury is still out.  I've already noticed the rubber is cracking, but I'll see how long it last."
"This stuff is magic.  It really does the trick.  With the black I have repaired a few different things made out of rubber & vinyl  and they're almost as good as new.  With the white I was able to attach some hooks on the back of some decorative Mardi Gras masks that I wanted to hang on the wall somehow.  Keep unopened packets in the refrigerator to extend their life, and use something like a hot knife or spoon, to give molded Sugru a nice smooth finish.  Both the white and black are easy to work with, however, the black makes your hands quite dirty afterward."
"I love this stuff so much I find myself making up excuses to use it. I go around asking my family if they need anything fixed. I take pictures of my repairs and beam with pride. I prefer the black and the white colors as they blend best with most of my repairs. Ideal for fixing frayed cords on Apple products, or reinforcing new ones. Kind of expensive, and often out of stock in stores. This stuff is a life hackers dream clay."
"This 8-pack was a great value. This stuff is pretty amazing (5-star product) but the quantity is somewhat small. I used my Sugaru to mold ""pads"" for my roof rack that were custom-fit to my roofline. They look great and have held up great so far. For bigger projects like that, it would be great if the little packets were a bit bigger (docked 1 star for small amount of glue)."
this is awesome stuff!
"Nothing to say here expect - its great stuff. I use it to repair wires, small objects, I fixed my refrigerator with it, both handle and a rail on the door."
Used one single pack and fixed both ends of two (2) USB/lightning cables. Going to try and patch a hole in my bumper with the white. :)
"I love this stuff so much I find myself making up excuses to use it. I go around asking my family if they need anything fixed. I take pictures of my repairs and beam with pride. I prefer the black and the white colors as they blend best with most of my repairs. Ideal for fixing frayed cords on Apple products, or reinforcing new ones. Kind of expensive, and often out of stock in stores. This stuff is a life hackers dream clay."
"Fixed my eyeglasses, replaced a nosepad that broke off, worked great till my new glasses came in!"
"Very handy stuff, bought to fix my MacBook power cord but have since used it to fix a few other things, very versatile. My only complaint is that if a surface is very absorbent the colored ones can leave a stain on the surface if you are not careful when working with it."
"Sugru is so versatile, I've bought it several times for my own household and as gifts...and as soon as I run out I always seem to come up with another need for it! I've used it to repair kitchen utensil handles, add feet to out pull-down attic stairs so they don't scuff the hardwood floors, reinforce damaged computer cords, replace chipped wall chargers...endless uses."
This was my first time using Sugru. It works great. Depending on your needs a little goes a long ways. I repaired multiple spots on 3 different cords with a single pack. This order arrived with a use by date a year out from my purchase date so pleanty of time to find a use for all 8 packs.
"I used this to fix a table leg that was shorter than the others, now no wobbling! I fixed a couple of frayed iPhone charging cords. I added to the base of a tilted lamp shade, now it stays straight. The uses are endless. Just make sure before you open a pack, that you have a use for all the contents. It will harden within hours."
I used it to reattach a broken interior door handle on my car months ago and it's still holding tight.  The area where I needed to reattach it was very uneven.  I filled the hole in the door with a small ball of Sugru and pressed the end of the door handle into it.  Worked beautiffully.
This product does exactly what it says it will.  I used it to fix a charging cord and it has held up like new again!
My son gave me a pack for Christmas and I used it to repair the plug shield on an iPhone cable that had separated and to join a connection of a 12 volt voltage meter. It worked great. It's better than using electrical tape and you can shape it to fit
"I tried it with different products and it worked for many but not for the one that I bought this for. I bough this to fix a broken rubber pipe connector. but water ended up leaking through right away. Perhaps it shouldn't have been used for this purpose but due to the ads saying how versatile it is, I thought it would've worked."
Fast shipping and great product!
"Read about this product years ago when getting into the ""makers"" community but I've never had a project that would be perfect for it...until I did. Had an old kitchen utensil that isn't worth the price of the repair job but it had a high sentimental value to a family member. A little Sugru fixed the problem and all is happy in the house again. The fact the material is food-safe only makes it better. Can't wait to find a reason to use this again. Do note that there is a shelf life to the product (in my case one year from when I purchased it) so don't stock up too much in advance."
Always useful to have on standby for anything.
The wires to my beat ear buds were pulling out of the buds and pulling out of the plug end and the Sugru fixed. It has held everything firmly and just  in the angle that I wanted. The red matched the wiring and the black match the plug. The repair is almost invisible.
Fixed my shoe with it. Still going strong after a month.
Love it.  Used it to hang outdoor lights and is working great.
"This stuff is absolutely amazing. It's easy to work with and has a ton of uses. I've been using it to fix power packs for laptops, tablets, etc. You know how the cord coming out of the brick tends to crack from being bent, wrap this stuff around it and it's protected. Buy some now, good to have around the house."
Great product
I love this! I used it to reinforce my charging cables for my laptop and phone. I cant wait to find more uses for them!
My new must have for those special repairs.  My only wish is that it came in darker colors. I have used it to repair audio cables and a level.  The level glass vial had shifted and was no longer accurate.  I just molded the clay to position the vial back to the original position and wited for tit th harden.  Perfect repair.
Love Sugru - will keep buying and using.
This stuff is amazing! I've already fixed so many things in my house. And that was only with one packet! It goes a long way.
"This stuff is AWESOME! It's like a new material - first there was ceramic, metals, plastic and now Sugru!"
This stuff is nifty and solves a lot of problems. I'll be keeping this stuff around all the time.
"This product is garbage and the service sucks
(Can't say much more or I'll be sensored again)"
"This stuff works great.  I've fixed several things with it.  The trickiest was an electric fly swatter.  But, I used it to rebuild a pair of sunglasses the dog chewed, a charging cable that had bare wires and other minor things.  It gets a little sticky, but washes off your hands pretty easily.  This is really good for plastic stuff that super glue would melt."
"Works great, used it to label lines and spin locks on sailing boats"
Always wanted to buy this and play with it. I tried to make a insulator for my metal door knob so that we don't get static shocked when we are wearing the wrong shoes. Hardened and fell off the next day. Might need to use more.
Like because it works. Wish it were packaged in smaller single use packages also. The package was mich more than needed to fix a standard USB-micro USB cable. A lot of (expensive) waste.
This is the first time I used this product.  I was amazed by it.  It worked perfectly as described.  I would recommend it.
This product did not work on our freezer shelf. Maybe the cold is the problem?
Very good with versatile use.  Mold your own rubber!
works great for fixing odds and ends and toys for kids...but unfortunately u have to use all of it up that is in package otherwise it will go bad/hard
I sugru  do you?
"To date, this as saved me 2 iPhone cables, 1 laptop cable, 1 fast-charging Samsung cable, and fixed a leak. This stuff is nothing short of AMAZING."
"I've used this moldable glue on several projects now and have been extremely pleased with the results. It provides a really good, simple solution for some application problems that I'm not sure I could have solved better any other way. In particular, I used it as a mounting adhesive and vibration damper for a hands-free mic that I installed in a car and as a sturdier and more heat resistant means of attaching a cell phone mount to a dashboard. I also used it to seal up a cut in one of my mud boots that looked suspiciously like something caused by a dog trying out the boots chewing suitability."
as advertised
"as always I love using this product, you can literally do almost anything you may imagine with it."
"Sugru's clever and amusing advertising suggests that you can and should use it for all sorts of little things, but the expense of this material is such that you will find it makes more sense to just buy a new cable, or purchase a holder for your iPHone, or otherwise replace small items, rather than taking the risk of molding and sticking something you have to form and shape yourself by hand (especially if you're not a great arts and crafts person) in hopes it won't look like a wad of chewing gum.

I DO like the product, and it DID work well when I pressed it (literally) into service, but I found few uses for it, and was disappointed when the not-insignificantly expensive supply I had invested in turned useless within 6 months. The product, even in it's unopened package, dried out to a globby, lumpy texture, that could no longer be worked and formed into smooth, pretty, pleasing looking shapes, nor at that point did it seem as willing to stick to things.

Due to the vagueries of the supply chain, I may have been shipped some ""aged"" product, but be sure to check the expiration date on any of this material you receive, and given that it's perishable, I recommend you don't buy any more than you are sure you can use in the fairly near future."
"Pros:
Works exactly as advertised!
It doesn't make a mess on my hands.
Colors are totally opaque, allowing light seal as well as air seal.
Colors mix well to match the item being assembled.

Cons:
Colors are slightly off from the packaging.
White allows some light bleedthrough."
"this was bought for my son, he specifically requested it for a art project he was working on.  he loves it and was interested in the fact that it comes in many other colors."
Sugru...how I love you for all the little annoyances you help me fix.  Like my cell phone charging cable.  And the bottom of a glass coffee pot.  And my husband's camera cord.  So many uses!
Perfect product for easy fixes around the house.
Shelf life too short
"This is great stuff if you have use for it. I wish it were not so expensive for so little.  Since it is, you have to need it for something specific where nothing else will do the job"
"This stuff is amazing.  Very easy to maneuver and mold wherever you want it to go.  Superglue did not work for my broom handle, so far this is holding firm. Worth the investment"
Love this stuff. Great price. Arrived on time. Already reordered.
Fixed the bumper of the Van my wife redesigned for free for me.
this is awesome stuff! I used it to custom fit my bose ear buds and it worked wonderfully!
"I used this to repair a broken badger brush handle. It's held up to soap and hot water for a while now, can't wait to see what other projects I can use this stuff for."
Works wonders! So glad I bought this!
Interesting material but hard to imagine everyday uses for it. As a glue - it does not bind that well to other materials. I would call it a space filling putty of sorts. Does not store well and becomes useless after 6 months in the cupboard.
"Great product, but so little amount for the price and it expires"
It's good
"Spent $20 on this, never opened the package.  I tried using it recently, it was hard as a rock.  Turns out these things have expiration dates, even if the package is unopened."
Good
"This stuff works well, and we've found several uses for it around the house. Just keep in mind that it doesn't dry hard -- it stays a flexible but firm rubber, so this isn't your fix if you're looking for something that dries hard."
watch the expiration date. Use immediately. It dries out after a month or two in the un-opened package and becomes unusable.
nice
Pretty cool product. I used it to try to hold something together and the first time it didn't work so well so I used the other half and tried it again and it'd doing okay so far. That's why I'm only giving it a 4 star. It worked 50% of the time for me so far. Maybe I will buy more later if I find a need for it and see how it goes then.
"My husband and I both own the macbook air laptops. Awhile back his charger ripped around the part that connects into the laptop so we had to throw it away and begin sharing chargers. Well the same thing began to happen with my charger that we shared recently and I realized I was going to have to do the same thing and then buy a brand new one.

With Sugru I didn't need to. We ended up buying some Sugru and I used it around the charger cable to completely contain the fraying wiring. It has been working well since. Since it's electronically insulating I don't need to worry about it also as well which I love. It works so much better than electrical tape which is what I had been using previously.

A couple of other uses I used this on:
- Fixed kitchen scissor handles
- Created new feet for my computer
- Reattach piece to fan that broke off

The only downside to Sugru is that once it becomes room temperature it hardens so once you've opened up a pack you really need to have a good use for it. You can't just open up a pack and use it for a little and save the rest which is too bad. As a result of this we tend to queue up a bunch of things we need to fix with Sugru and then do it all at once with a pack since you get a bunch with it and many fixes don't need much.

In terms of the stuff spoiling early I don't think that's really an issue as long as you make sure you don't let the pack get warm. I keep it in the fridge and it hasn't had any issues with it getting hard on its own at least. Not sure if it could be damaged during shipping if it got too hot but I live in FL and mine arrived in a fine state.

Love this product as it really opens up a lot of opportunities for me to fix things here. I can't wait to use it with my 3D printer to really create some cool gadgets in the future as well."
I used the glue to create tablet holder hooks for my surface pro 4 in my exercise room and in the kitchen to stream videos and movies while working out or cooking.  First I placed 3 nails in the wall as a stable foundation for the glue. Then I planted the glue on the hooks and molded them into hook shapes. Next morning the glue had solidified and now I can slide my tablet in with ease in either room as I do my activities. Check out the picks.  The glue works!!!
"Love this stuff.  I have used it all over the place.  Screen door handles, waterproofing connections, fixing iphone cords, cases and headphones.  I glued a magnet to my car dash with this, then slapped my iphone case to that, as it too has the opposite magnet.  This stuff is just awesome, especially when you wet it in the molding phase to smooth out the skin.  I only wish it were cheaper."
Awful. Didn't work out of the box on my iPhone.
"I've only had one opportunity to use the Sugru Moldable Glue, but it worked as advertised. My computer charging cord had begun to fray; so I made a reinforcing mold. Although it took longer to solidify than the instructions indicated (24 hours), after 2 days, the mold is in place and working perfectly unlike some of the other products that I've tried. In fact, I only had to use half of a packet for the mold, and I was able to save the other half of the packet. So I should get 16 uses instead of 8 from the Pack of 8."
As shown
Awesome product. It is great to have extra around for random projects. I think if uses for Sugar on a weekly basis!
Love me some Sugru
Great product for helping me make feet to a bracket for my daughter's mini fridge. Its nice modeling clay. Hardens in about 24 hours depending on your temperature inside or out. Small packets. It would be good to offer this in large container sizes.
Put corners on two of our cell phones to give the screens additional protection.  Seems it's on for as long as we want it on (and maybe longer?)  Glad to have more of it in the fridge if another purpose comes up. I'm considering using the red to repair bumper covers that keep popping off at the edges on our Hyundai.  (Do you ever see a Hyundai off the dealer's lot that doesn't have popped-off bumper covers? but that's a whole 'nother review...)
"Fell off item ""attached to"". Too flexible resulting in the hook not holding any weight whatsoever. I was so excited too!!"
"Love this stuff.  I use it for so many things... Repaired a piece of my refrigerator, made a stylus holder for my iPad... You can get very creative with this stuff.

The glue is very versatile and malleable.  You have enough time to mold whatever it is that you are fixing, inventing, building... and then it sets overnight - becoming a very durable substance.

Comes in  a few different colors, but I only have black and white."
"I have tried using this one time to connect a solar charging solar lights power bank top the top of our front yard swing but unfortunately it did not hold or harden
 as I expected it to, I will have to try again with another use if I can remember I have it.  I keep it stored in the refrigerator to extend its life."
I tried this for the first time outdoors I tried to attach the solar power portion of solar lights to the top of a metal swing for some reason it would not stick to the swing I don't know if it's a powder coating but it never harend too well and basically did not stay put as I would have expected
"This is the glue that keeps stuff together.

Sudo command does not work outside of digital realm.

This is like play dough but not for playing. Unless fixing is playing for you."
nice to have a round
Junk
"Pretty neat stuff, a bit pricey though.  Probably won't buy again unless I'm desperate for a solution.  Duct tape and chewing gum still my go to cheap stuff."
"Ordered this to repair the phone cords - this is just what we needed! MUCH cheaper than buying new cords and it not only fixed them but, added a ""pop"" of color! The cords have had this for over two weeks now and it has not cracked (despite constant bending/use) and it has had water spilled on it.

Each packet is a one time use and, is probably a bit much for one area of the cord but, we broke it in half and used on both ends - just perfect!"
Good value...
Great product to protect cords that are weak from fraying to completely breaking!
"I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS STUFF!!!! I have used this stuff for to fix: PS Controller toggle rubber, hiking boots, shoes, and much more. I'm an avid hiker and lightweight backpacker, but I always keep two packs of this stuff in my pack; it fixes so many things while camping."
"I love this stuff.  I did repairs ,(large cracks), and fabricated a missing piece of the plastic door trays for my fridge. After watching a youtube video about this product that specifically addressed inside fridge repsir.  The repairs are holding up very well.  It's so easy to use and easy clean up.  We now keep it on hand at home and our business.  Great stuff"
Just right for art projects or for household or electronics repairs.
"I use these for craft projects, and my husband uses them for electronics parts he's cobbled together.  Works exactly as promised; be sure to read the simple directions thoroughly before you begin."
"I was very excited when i seen this stuff as many of the things listed I also had issue with and planned to fix many things. Well the stuff did not work as well as stated. You really have to shape it and make sure it sticks well or will loosen and slip down. I applied Sugru to 3 cords one of the 3 works, the other two I had to discard. It did not effectively keep the handle on my pan nor did it stick to as many surfaces as claimed.  The reason two stars instead of one is I will say one thing it did do was I used the white color to fix a crack in my fridge. Yes it is noticeable but the crack is sealed.  My suggestion is to apply to one thing at a time, let it set then review before sugru'ing your entire home.
**issue** Also if you open a pack use it all in one setting as it will harden and the remaining product is not useable and no where on the package does it inform the buyer of this. I would recommend with specifications on how to use. Would I buy again- (maybe) first is I want a refund as the majoiryt of my packs contained harden product unuseable. If am refunded and company stands by product will make me feel better. Second is I would buy in small portions and project specific would not keep around home as a staple product like supergule. Also certain colors stain fingers and clothes especially the blue."
"Love this stuff! Pricey, but perfect for repairing items I thought were goners."
"Awesome, innovative product that is useful for a multitude of different applications.  I used this to modify my pistol grip.  Worked perfectly!  It dries over night but give it 24 hrs before use.  Provides customizable moldable plastic as an end result after molding like playdough.  It's actually fun to work with (though it is EXPENSIVE!!)  and would be useful for a wide variety of things.  I believe this product is way, way, way over priced for what it is!! Remember-caution-this product DOES have a shelf life so buy it and check the date then use i[t.  It dries up. The ones I received were ok but not exactly new.  A few packages were drier than others but I managed.  I love Sugru and will buy this again!"
EXCELENT
The BEST product for home fixes and hacks!
The product itself is excellent. The amount of product received is ridiculously small. See the small blob that the fingers are holding in the picture on the package? That is the total amount of product in each foil envelope.
"Great product, easy to shape, dries in a few hours and completely in 24 hours. I used it as shaped rounded corners covering unsafe metal corners. Looked good at the end and easy to work with."
"For those who are unaware, Sugru is basically 21st Century duct tape: it fixes nearly everything, and has practical applications for every DIY imaginable. Its like a magical Play Doh that molds to waterproof, attach, insulate, hang from, or basically repair anything necessary, and dries in 24 hours to become flexible rubber.

At the date my package arrived, I had about 12 months until the expiration date, which was plenty of time to figure out what I wanted to fix or DIY with 8 packets of the stuff. There was one black pack, one white pack, and two packs of each primary color (red, yellow, and blue).

I used my Sugru mainly to repair shoes that had worn out at the soles, and I found them to be more durable than the original soles. Bless the people who invented this stuff, because it is truly useful, works well, and has endless possibilities for DIY."
"incredible stuff. Price is a bit high for the amount you get, but it does what it says."
"This stuff is actually quite amazing! It looked too cool to be real, but on a daily deal I got some, and was amazed. It does what it says, turns into rubber after 24 hours. You have 30 minutes to work with it. One side note though, it will make your hands deeply colored from whatever color you're using, especially black. It's more of a greasy feeling, but can easily be removed by wiping your hands on a paper towel, then washing them."
It smells awful. I used the black one and it stained my fingers for 3 days and it stained the object i put it on. It works but not worth it.
"This stuff is fantastic. I was able to use it in two different places to fix an aging MacBook and give it a bit more life. There's a rubber foot on the bottom of the unit that had gone missing ages ago, and I was able to fashion a new one out of this stuff that's ALMOST indistinguishable from the other three. I also had a piece of plastic trim crack and break off on the hinge of the unit - I was able to use the Sugru to fill in the gap and eliminate any exposed sharp edges. It's been a few weeks now since I made both of those repairs, and both are holding up quite well, and I'm quite hard on this machine. If anybody wants to stress test a laptop to see how it'll hold up, just give it to me for a few weeks. Given that, I think I can say that the Sugru is holding up quite nicely.

One more thing - I was able to make both repairs with the amount of Sugru in one of the 8 packets that came in the package, with plenty of it still left over. Tip - they say that it will last 3 times as long if you store the unopened packages in your refrigerator.

My only complaint, and it's a relatively minor one, is that once you open a packet, you've got to use the whole thing. The packets aren't huge, but since I still had as much left over as I did after making two repairs, I've been holding off on fixing another item so that I can make sure I'm using the next packet as efficiently as possible."
Have not used it yet but I expect this product will be excellent.
works great.  Used to cover drill cord sheathing.
"Looks amazing, and easy, but it turned out to be pretty clumsy."
"How did I ever live without this product. I had a pair of earbuds where the plastic around the wire was cut, so I used Sugru to fix this and it worked like a charm. With the extra Sugru I had, I end up making a hook to hang up my gaming headphones on my computer monitor. This stuff is amazing. When it dries it's flexible but very strong. I can't wait to find another thing to fix/construct with this."
Great stuff. I keep finding things to use it on.
Awesome stuff for small plastic repairs or useful items.
Tried but not as good as it looks
"I used this product to try to glue in a handle on one of my pantry to no avail. The handle fell right off after pulling on it lightly one time( I've waited more than 24 hours after applying Sugru on the pantry before trying). The handle is metallic material and the pantry is wooden, I have no idea if that was what was wrong? I tried gluing handle of a broken mug and that worked pretty decent. I used this product to seal in exposed wires on an outdoor fan, that's holding up nicely as well as one of my phone charger wire. from my current experience, I can't really tell what exactly I can use it for other than fixing exposed wires or protection of currently existing wires. I am pretty disappointed because I was hoping to get more use out of it. Also, once you open the packet, there is no way of storing them away without it drying and setting. I've tried those small snack baggie zip-lock bags, I've tried taping the packet seal with duct tape to no avail. I really liked it being applied on phone charger wire, but it somehow attracts my two cats to lick and bite it aggressively(they usually don't chew on wires at all I let my cats roam around everywhere including computer rooms and I've never had instances of them chewing any usb cables or computer wires what so ever). I really have no idea what other uses it has."
I keep buying Sugru and the possibilities are limited only by your imagination.
"This ""stuff"" really works! Sealed a leaky hose reel  with it. Highly recommended"
"I had a hard time making a watertight seal on the spigots of my rain barrels.  I tried all kinds of adhesives with no luck, until I found this stuff.  It's very easy to use and requires no cleanup.  It's an excellent product."
"I used this to pad the sharp edges of a piece of metal (L bracket) that I used to keep my dogs' bench pillow in place.  Hasn't come off.  It's been about two months.  Easy to use, but pricey.  Very tiny amount in each packet"
"Good product, with a very short shelf life"
"I mostly got this to reinforce some charging cables for my cell phone, but it cracked right above where the weakened spot was in the actual cable.  I planned to try it on a toy repair, but it is across the toy's moving part, and I'm afraid it won't hold.  I will come back and update this once I see how it holds up to my toddler."
Complete was of money. Didn't even get to try it. Had no chance to even try as it all went bad before I could use it. Every single packet was a crumbly mess. I didn't know there was such a short shelf life. Assumed it would be just like any other epoxy type putty and if unopened would have a long shelf life. I was wrong. I'll stick with epoxy putty like JB Plastic Weld which is what I used instead.
Super easy to use. Just follow the directions and let it dry. Will buy more if need to.
Sugru is amazing!
"This stuff is really cool. I've used it to make feet for a cutting board, to fashion a key holder for my bicycle, and to repair a broken CharlieCard ring. The material and its bonds to the things you attach it to are surprisingly strong and durable. I'm used to super glue jobs falling apart after a relatively short time, but not with Sugru. Repairs often make things *better* than they were before they had Sugru on them."
"Purchased this item as a gift. Placed my order on July 6 and chose expedited shipping. Much to my frustration, the Sugru package I received on July 7 had an expiration date of July 1! Very frustrating!"
"This stuff is awesome! I used the red packet to fix three iPhone lightning cables that had gotten frayed with use. Once you open the packet, it's like working with a little bit of clay. I left it to dry overnight on the cables, and once it was dried, it was like my iPhone cables had a rubber protective coating on them. This is definitely handy to have around for fixes like this."
"Please note that it hardens to a flexible rubber instead of a hard glue.

I was able to fix my over-ear headphones with this stuff! that's a pretty high-stress use case and it turns out this stuff is pretty strong. They didn't turn out super pretty, but they are fixed.
I tried to fix sunglasses with them but the small amount I used (as to not be noticeable) was not enough to do the job.
I also fixed a supporting beam of a chair instead of using wood glue.
Also works well for strengthening charging cables for phones and laptops.

It seems like it's hit or miss for a lot of situations but there's enough of it to give it a try and see how it turns out."
love this stuff!
"Super-overpriced product, not anywhere as useful as hipster videos on YouTube would mislead you to believe.  I'll stick to using epoxy, thanks. 1star added for no-hassle fast shipping."
"Love Sugru, it saves me money on device cords"
I love this stuff! It works just like it's supposed to and dries hard yet flexable. I've used it to repair and strengthen a few wires and it works wonders. Awesome product and good price!
This stuff works great.  I used it on my Romba
did not do what I bought it for
"great stuff, turns into a hard rubber and holds"
"I have been purchasing Sugru for years - so glad to finally find it on Amazon. This is a great product with so many different uses. Outside of duct tape, this is one of the most used products in my toolbox. Don't know what I did before Sugru, but so glad that it exist."
"Permalink:
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sugru-Moldable-Glue-Pack-of-8/dp/B00WW8KIRI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sugru Moldable Glue (Pack of 8)</a>"
"Love this stuff. Once I have a few projects lined up, I open up a package and get to work. I've fixed fridge plastic deli and produce drawers. Fixed the tines on the inside of my dishwasher. Fixed usb and electric cords. Awesome stuff!!"
"Use-by-date is shorter than my previous order of Sugru this time. Although it has not expired yet, I'll need to find use for all 8 sugru packs within 8 months."
utterly useless
"I love this stuff so much, FIX ALL THE THINGS! I just love this stuff and every time it goes on sale, I buy more. It works well, is easy to use, and it's just so damn much fun!"
"Cool idea but it's difficult to mold Suguru to look as neat as the photos show.  Plus, it only lasts for six months when refrigerated; if you're going to use it all the time, you'll probably like it.  For me, it's much more convenient to have 5-6 of the mini krazy glue tubes on hand for the occasional small repairs that I might use Suguru for."
"Literally the best thing to repair a cable, replace a lost rubber foot of a laptop, add some customization to a device, etc. I used to use pen springs around cable ends which would just prolong the fact for them to fray, but sugru has completely stopped it.

One tip I found is to use some soap (just a drop or two) and rub it to give the sugru a smoother finish."
Great Stuff!
Seem to work as intended - I've fixed a couple of fraying iphone cords. I wish they didn't expire so quickly.
Interesting stuff.  Works great tho.  I have used it for things I thought could not be fixed..
"It took more than 2 days before the peeling started. Now I'm on day 8 and I'm starting to peel on the top of my feet. The way it's peeling it's not as dramatic as on other people pics. It's really going slowly, little pieces of skin peeling. Skin is soft but it did not removed my small callus."
The glue came out all solid like a piece of stone . Planned to use it or laptop hinge repair but it did not work . One video on youtube shows that it works .. however one that I got was not good.. avoid ..
"So far have repaired and strengthened both a phone charger cord and wired headset cord with this product. Cords still work, and remain flexible! Used, and cleaned up as described in package. Have had no issues."
"Great product.  Needed to repair an electrical problem - fill a hole 0.5cm3 hole in a broken plastic plug (about 1.5 cm3) where current could arc between two exposed prongs (about 5A).  The product forms an insulator so I hoped it would work for my needs. It came in pouches. I used a black one.  I cut the pouch and was expecting something like plasticine which is exactly what was there, but a little wetter (brittle?).  It was a bit fiddly to cut the pouch open. I was also expecting a little more in the pouch, but I scraped it together and got about 1.5 cm3ish.
I used it like plasticine and filled the hole and smoothed it out to cover the plug in a thin layer to hide the repair.
You have 30 mins to work with it.
I had a lot left actually, so I put the rest in a very small ziplock and took out all the air.  I've no idea if this will work to save it.  If not, the good news is it's not that expensive for small repairs.
After a few hours I tested the repair and all seems good with no arcing.  (It's supposed to completely cure after 24h.)
The repair has the look and feel of flexible rubber (which is exactly what it is).

Great!"
"Love it. The perfect solution for my running shoes!!! No more holes where the toes are....I would get a tear on my NB running shoes a week from new...now I buy my running shoes, put the Sugru right the way to prevent any tear....so far a few months using it and I still don't have any tear."
SUPER ITEM
Pretty ingenious stuff!  Worked like a charm.
These are amazing!!
Works great! Used them on my phone cords and made a nob so it's easy to open our sliding door!
Really great stuff to have in the workshop. I have fixed the strain reliefs on several power tools with this and also repaired a couple of extension cords. Much better  than black tape!
"Can't get enough of them! Great product and quick, safe delivery"
"If you are debating whether or not to get this to keep your chargers from fraying - just do it. Don't be stingy and wait until you have to spend $80 on a new laptop charger, after which you will still buy the Sugru to keep it from happening again in the future. Just do it now.

My charger is now invincible."
"I used Sugru to glue the upper and lower extension wands together on my vacuum cleaner.  Was working fine and I vacuumed the bare floors several times, but when I used the carpet attachment the wands broke apart.  I was pushing down, probably too hard.  I do think it is a good product just not strong enough for that use.."
"Love this stuff. It is so versatile that it opens up many possibilities for a DIY'er like myself. It is on the expensive side for what you get, so I only use it in a pinch when nothing else will work. The colored ones seem to be a little harder to work with than the black, but this is only a slight difference and didn't take away from the overall effectiveness of the product."
"I'd be damned on what other thing this can repair in your household. From cabinets to pot holder to worn cables, this thing is amazing. I am now concerned that the more people would demand this the higher the price it could go. Highly recommended!"
Had a sliding door in my apartment that rubber was detaching and making this annoying sound overtime u try to shut the door back. The Sugru definitely fix that problem great product i sealed it between the door and the rubber gave it 24hrs and wallah! i have no complaint about this product it is awesome!
a life saver!
"I have fixed so much stuff with this that it's hard to count/list them all:  fixing numerous cords of all types; creating cord hooks/loops and replacement handles and tabs/grips; fixing doll heads; closing holes/gaps within reason; combine with Legos for maximum accessorizing (can pull and put on or off what you want); even firearm or replica firearm accessory repair (NOT the ""action"" components!).

TIP:  Buy in the 5 gram multi-packs unless you are CERTAIN you are going to use a bunch on one project.

TIP:  Keep in the fridge to extend the life.

TIP:  I use Pitch Black more than any other color, but have expected colors on hand just in case.

NOTE:  5 gram packages almost always are just around the right amount and can add a second one if need be."
"I'm a broke college student so if I can save money by fixing something you better believe I'll try it.

For this I used it to secure the broken strain relief on the business ends of the cable that goes from my laptop's power supply to the computer itself, both ends were either broken or in the process of being broken with wires already exposed (but still intact thankfully). The best option would be to open the supply, cut the cable and resolder it intact but Dell decided they needed to weld/glue these things shut and I don't have access to the tools I'd want to do a professional job with.

In comes Sugru making the claim it'll stick to almost anything and turn into a rubber like substance. Sounds fantastic, except it is far from perfect. With one test USB cable it quickly separated from the iPod connector and the wires will break eventually now...but I suppose the cable is at least usable now. With my laptop's cable laptop side the cable isn't going to continue seperating but now I've got a finger print laden chunk of rubbery blackness that should help overall. Kinda ugly but I'm down with that.

The other end is the part with the exposing jacket. The only thing Sugru has done there is move the break point from the strain relief that is broken already to the part of the cable where it enters the power supply's casing. I'm going to try putting Sugru in there in the hopes it'll hold it still so that the cable doesn't get fully yanked out or damaged internally.

So far this is all I've used it for. May update this review once I've used it for other purposes."
"There are approximately a zillion uses for Sugru. Seriously, I nerded-out over this and fell down some internet rabbit holes. I got it to fix the lid on my Crock-Pot. It did that admirably, but has also repaired my iPad case, a broken zipper-pull, a lightning cable, earbuds...."
doesn't work
"Good for so many things!  You'd have to visit their site to really understand what all it can do!

I used the black to cover up a frayed electrical cord.  It worked like a charm.  I also have previously purchased the brown.  I used that one to cover up a knot hole that fell out of our fence.  Now it's still private and you don't even know it's there.

Would recommend.  Don't buy a lot because it does have an expiration date.  Buy as you need it."
"the packets that it comes in are huge- once you open a pack it dries out pretty quickly, i feel like each pack should be resealable so that I wouldn't feel so wasteful when i only need a little.."
fixes everything
great stuff. fixes just about everything.
"I was a little apprehensive, but this stuff works great."
"Good product, works as advertised.
But I ordered a pack of 8 and I got a pack of 6.
I returned the product to exchange and I got a pack of 6 again."
The only problem I had was theres not enough sugru. This is an ingenious material.
"I was hesitant to buy it and then hesitant again to try it but it really does what it says it'll do. I patched a small ""bullet"" divot in our glass coffee carafe and it's been holding up well although I did buy a new carafe because I don't think this glue is food grade :)

Then I went on to use it on several patch cords and USB cords that either were showing wear or that I wanted to protect. A bigger job came next. The plastic holder for the extension on my vacuum had been broken for years and try as I might I couldn't repair it but I molded a new ""ring"" and ta-da!

This stuff is easy to use and mold; just be sure your hands are clean & dry to start and work it into a nice ball before you start to use it. The black & red colors will discolor your hands but that washes off easily. I do wish it came in clear.

Keeping it in the refrigerator will double it's shelf life."
Didn't stick to wood! I got this to fashion cable grips for my pine nightstand: unfinished pine. Once it dried it fell right off the nightstand! Plus the dried product felt like a pencil eraser: stiff and probably wouldn't survive bending or any other strenuous task.
"Did not work to repair the toe of my kids shoes, which is why I bought it. I could see it might be useful for other applications. Separates from product when it dries."
Very moldable and the hardens into a stiff rubbery substance. Perfect for what I needed.
"Meh. The product doesn't stick to smooth surfaces as well as I had expected or as I thought was advertised. It's fun to play with, just don't expect it to actually hold up anything that weighs more than an ounce or two. I just expected more, I guess. It's great for crafts though."
"Love this stuff, but have a few projects ready so you can use it up because you have to use a whole package at a time. You can probably fix 5 apple wires/chargers with one pack"
"i was really exited when i heard about this new product and i got it cheap. well, it is not so great as i though.
-it comes in different colors that is good
-to flexible to hold some heavy stuff
-i tried to patch an air bed with not good results (three attempts) it last one or two days
bottom line: you can use it for light use like make a hook to hang your keys or make a cushion or little stopr for a small door, etc."
$ 0.55 cents a gram..... I just cant see it worth all that
Best stuff Ever...Always keep some at the house now.
"It's good for a lot of things, but I used it to replace the pads on the arms of my prescription sunglasses after they cracked and fell off. Saved a ton of money on that repair alone, and now I have pads that won't crack in the heat of the car."
"Ah-maz-zing! It does take some patience to mold the sugru to the exact shape you'd like if you want a perfect match with the item you're repairing (like a charging cable) but besides that it's great and if you're not one to care about looks then it's probably really, really great. >__<"
Great stuff!
Great stuff!
"The rubber seal around my car's windows had degraded, making it very loud and windy to drive on the freeway. The autoshop was going to charge me $600 to replace the seals, but I decided to try this first. I applied it and let it dry and it works PERFECTLY! I've been driving my car with the new Sugru 'seals' for around 3 months now, and they're still holding strong. They are both on the inside and outside of the car and are exposed to high speed and weather fluctuations and still look as good as the day I applied them.

I also applied some to a charging cord where the rubber had split, exposing the inner wire. Good as new. Love this stuff!"
"This is totally AMAZING stuff. I keep buying more of it because I keep finding uses for it all over my house and at work. I am sorry to see that it is unavailable through Amazon right now because people should get the chance to try it. I agree with the reviews that say ""use it or lose it"" but I think that's a minor point. Be practical before you open a packet. If you don't need a lot, find multiple projects so you can use it up. When I have some left, I attach a magnet to a kitchen utensil or a pen.

I use Sugru for preventative maintenance, applying it to cord connections (like the one that goes into my headphones) to keep them from eventually pulling loose. I think it saves me money in the long run."
It's ok stuff...does what it says.
Flixible
"This stuff is amazing!! Only problem I have is trying to figure out where and how to use it. When using it open the package mold it like playdoh for a few min then mold into place and let dry for 24 hours and its set and done. Need to remove it at any time, no problem simply cut off as much as you can then peel and push the best off. I've used it for repairing a screen door handle, regrout a floor, add a handle to a screen door at a lower level for kids. I've also added a magnet to my drills and tools to hold other bits. I've used it to hold shower caddy in place. I fixed a foot base plate that broke off."
"I like it but actually would like the packets to be half the size. Feel as though I'm using way too much product for the things I've used it for. Would rather have smaller and more packages in a set so I could scale as needed. I've only used it to repair frayed charging cables, and it works well though any that still bend will crack the material."
"It does exactly what it says. I. Bought this specifically to fix a plastic interior arm rest in my car. The part if I could find it at the junk yard would have been about 20 bucks. I was able to repair it with the black sugru and have many sugru packets left for other things. I felt so empowered I just went through my neighborhood ""fixing"" things. I wouldn't suggest doing that because apparently some people intentionally leave their car windows slightly cracked."
"This product is amazing. I used it in my bathroom on my bathtub that was positioned incorrectly, making all the water puddle on the edge and leak over the side. I built up a ramp for the water to go back into the tub. Been on my tub for about 2 months and so far so good. It truly is an amazing product."
Does not work like it says. Does not hold off harden the w a y was described.
A very small amount of product for the price.
"This is interesting stuff, but I didn't know that it has a short shelf life.  I keep mine in the fridge to extend, but will not use all of it before it quits, whatever that will mean.  I made a list of things to use it on and am thrilled especially with feet on items that no longer scratch furniture.  Used it for covering rusting pieces of our dishwasher rack.  Boom!  Very useful, but I will order less in the future so that it doesn't go to waste."
Awesome product!
This product truly lives up to the hype. I used it to quickly repair an AV cable.
"Less than a month after applying it to my Apple MagSafe power brick, the Sugru cracked and failed (see the attached photo). Sugru is too brittle to use on anything that needs to be bendable. I followed the exact instructions as listed on Sugru's website for ""How to Fix a Charger"" [...] They shouldn't advertise it as a good use case for broken chargers. On non-bendable surfaces, it works pretty well."
all damaged and dried ....
Great stuff. Would be 5 start of a bit less expensive.
"Bought it for one thing, ended up using it for other projects instead.  Very versatile product, will order more to have on hand."
I received a sample pack in Pitch Black and was very surprised at its claims. This stuff is supposed to bond to just about anything and everything! I tried a small piece out and was shocked! This glue is easy to use and hold up well! This is a must have!! It works and its water proof.
"I've been wanting to play with Sugru since I first heard about it. So far I've fixed an almost broken phone charging cable and reinforced the power cord for my aging Mac Book. Fun and easy to use, seems to work great!"
works very well
Didn't work for me twice.
got exactly what was described ! thats a good thing
"Right up there with Epoxy Sculpt and way more useful than Duct Tape (which doesn't even work on air ducts... but this will). Only wish it came in bigger unit sizes. With all the stuff I'm fixing with it, that's a lot of tiny individual packs having to be opened."
Had this five minutes and repaired a refrigerator door that i have trying to repair for a year! Good stuff.
"SUGRU IS EVERYTHING. Sugru is life. I find new uses for this wonderful goo every day. Most recently, I have used it to tighten the fit of a loose pull-down faucet sprayer, reinforce the naturally weak charging cable for my MacBook Pro, and create a decorative protective shield for the Pyrex glass of the Aspire Cleito tank I use for vaping (see image). It is easy to work with, quick to cure, and removes without too much trouble when I want to get rid of it or re-do my work. If you do not have Sugru in your tool kit, I highly advise adding it!"
"Not as flexible when dried as I expected.  Otherwise awesome, even well after the expiration date."
works well
Nice to have on hand to fix broken things here and there. Seems to stick really well to all types of surfaces.
I purchased this to fix a crack on the corner of my PIE IPhone charging device. It seemed to work well for a month and then fell off!! Too bad - it did mold as stated but there was no long term staying power.
Favorite thing in the world!  They are so useful and they are put on things all around my house.  Great for things that are broken or small projects that I work on.  A little pricy but so handy to have when needed.
I used this to seal up a couple of places on my Street Glide faring against rain. Looks good and keeps the rain out of my fairing.
great stuff use it in may areas.
"After reading a ton of feedback from users, I have a pretty good idea of why I won't buy Sugru, and will stick with the few products I do use.

Sugru- Will get hard in the package, makes it not store well, and expensive if you don't get to use it. If you don't need all of the Sugru in the package you open, too bad, what's left over is going to get hard just as fast as what you used. This can make the repair really expensive compared to some other products I am going to tell you about.
Sugru comes in colors, that it by far the single most desirable quality of the product, so if the color is important to you, it might be the way to go. Just don;'t buy more than what you plan to use.

Have you ever seen epoxy tape? It is sold under the name Kneaddatite, and it is Blue on one side, and yellow on the other. The roll of epoxy tape is 1"" x 36"", and you tear off just what you need. You take as much as you need and knead it with your fingers to mix the two sides. When yiu have a solid green color, it is mixed properly. I have used this for a long time for many things. I have a good process to mixing it by twisting it, tearing it and doing that until it is roughly mixed well, then work it with your fingers until the color evens out.

It is very sticky and if you have sensitive hands they suggest rubber gloves. I think it is too sticky to mix with rubber gloves, and it does nothing to my hands. The sticky quality makes it stick to most clean surfaces. with all epoxy, you should clean the surface with rubbing alcohol, and mke sure it is free of oily finger prints, and other foreign matter that prevent sticking well.

It dries within and hour, or so, and is workable for a good amount of time. It does not shrink, and does not can be molded into any shape.
Once it is hard it can be drilled, tapped (which means you can put threads in it so it will accept a screw), and sanded and painted.

Kneadatite is by far my most used epoxy fix all product.

Then there is J B Weld liquid epoxy. This comes into two types of this product, one is Qwik, and which cures in 5 minutes, but not fully until about a day. The quick hold has to be needed, because the Qwik product does not have the same holding power of the slow curing product. In any case, the liquid well has to sit for a few days to reach full hardness. It also can be sanded drill and tapped. I really can't say if it can be painted, but depending on what you use it for, and what type of paint you use, painting might be ok.

These two products are available on Amazon, and they have a long shelf life, so a year later, you will find then to be useable. I would not plan to use any epoxy after it is years old, but I can't say how long that is because it will be different for each product."
"Insufficient shelf life!

I received this order on June 25th and the use by date is July 1st 2016!

I am very disappointed by this."
"This stuff is amazing. Make sure you can use the whole packet up at once, as they can't be resealed and react to moisture in the air to cure. Line up a couple of projects if you can. Anything that might get bumped needs SUGRU on the corners, every cord can use more strain relief, and every set of earbuds should be customized to their owner's ears."
I am a sugru devotee for all things in need of hacking and improvement.
I love sugru. Amazing for all kinds of hacks and fixes!
OMG these things are AMAZING!!!  I had 2 iPhone cords that were stripped right at the connection and I molded the sugru onto it and it's like brand new.  You do have to be careful that everything is completely clean when using the mold because like clay it will pick up everything including little dust pieces.
"Pretty good stuff here....does what it says and fixes many things easily....BUT....if you don't use the whole amount (in the small package) for your job at hand, you CANNOT save any....once it hits the air, in a matter of hours (even if hermetically sealed), it turns to rubber and is useless."
"My package of eight only came with seven, hence the three stars.
I haven't actually used this stuff yet, but I've heard good things."
This stuff works wonderful to repair damaged cell phone chargers. They are used everyday and tend to get frayed.
"I bought an 8 pack black an white.
One should know that using a little soap water gives it a smooth finish."
Great product. Easy to apply and performs as described.
can not figure what to use this for???
"I keep finding good uses for this stuff.  I've used it to build bumpers around a baby monitor, which was purchased because the last one cracked excessively after a few drops.  Well, the Sugru-protected one has been dropped repeatedly and is in perfect shape.  I've used it to cap sharp ends of metal on a wall sculpture, used it to hold the hands of a clock after the screw that retains the hands fell off and disappeared, and will soon be making pads for some metal chairs that have been gouging the floor.

Once this stuff dries it is just hard rubber that sticks like mad to whatever you've put it on.  Just to see how gentle I needed to be with it, I stuck some on a cheapo metal figurine I had, and ended up throwing it away because I could get the Sugru off."
"Wonderful stuff! My molding never looks as good as the ads, but it sure does a good job of repairing things and reinforcing charging cords."
It's Sugru!  Who doesn't love Sugru?  Not going to explain what it does - lots of stuff on the web about that.  I will say I received mine about a year out from expiration - so I got fresh stock.
It works exactly as advertised.
was a gift
I would love to get thousands of this and put it everywhere. Be careful to not get ocd.
"Not as neat as the advertisements would have you believe (there will be residue on your hands, and the black color stained my nada and nails) but it holds like you wouldn't believe! Think of it as quickcrete for your daily jobs. This stuff worked better than gorilla glue and the strongest industrial adhesive tape. You are gonna love it -- just wash your hands when you're done."
This stuff is amazing and it is fun to explain to friends who ask about what I have on my laptop charging cable.
"Waaaay too much money for a few simple bags of Sugu. I'ts plastic putty that dries hard and that's about all it is.  I tried it on a few cables, and it cracked, the freestyle hooks broke loose,  and all the other examples in the video were a C+ performers at best. Save your money."
"Ok, it didn't adhere to other plastic very well. Doesn't have good strength."
"Product works great at fixing/adding support to iPhone cords. My only complaint is that the packet actually holds a lot of product but once its open, you cant save the extra. I was abloe to fix 2 cords with just one packet."
"I keep some around at all times; there's no end to the usefulness of this product. Get some, put it in the fridge (keeps 3 times longer that way,) and you'll find a ton of uses for it!"
Awesome stuff! There's no end to what you can do with it!
Very weird. Didn't really work for me.
packets are very small - big surprise
i've used it on a couple of cablesm which probably saved me a few bucks
"I bought this to fix my Nike Fuel Band, prior to buying Sugru I tried a generic brand that did not even harden. I was quite impressed with how soft Sugru dried. Only problem was it didn't last (fell off after 2-3wks) on my Fuel band as a button probably because of how I fixed it but I have tried it for fixing other stuff around the house and it works great!"
"This stuff is amazing! I fixed. several things I thought I would have to throw out! Make sure you use it all when you open a packet though, it can't be saved, my leftover piece just turned into rubber."
"I have started using Sugru Moldable Glue for all sorts of projects.  I first got it to attach an ornament onto my mailbox so people could find my house among my subdivision look-a likes.  Worked great!  It is easy to work with, is very forgiving, and holds any two objects firmly together.  It's a little pricy, but you don't need a lot for most things and it really holds.  You can also fashion useful custom fixes out of it, too...cord restraints, notched stands for small items, etc.  If you change your mind later you can always remove it with an Xacto knife.  Quite a handy find!"
"If you've never used it, it takes a little time and patience, but it is great for my ceramics. If a lid is too loose, I roll out a coil of it and slowly press it to my pottery and thin it out as I go. Eventually, it spreads and I get a snug fit. It's permanent and washable."
"I love this stuff. You can make anything with it.  I keep the spare packs in the refrigerator to extendextend the shelf life. My favorite build is molding it around my in ear headphones,  then shaping it to match the inner ear to lock out outside sounds.  Let set up for a couple of hours, remove it and allow to cure.  Your good earphones are now awesome earphones."
five stars
"I use Sugru for fixing fraying charging cables, covering rusted prongs in dishwashers, etc. Extremely useful and one of a kind!"
USE THEM IN TIME
"These work as advertised, turning the putty into a rubber/silicon substance that is comfortable to the touch and stays on until cut off.  I knocked off a star in that their expiration date comes 'too soon' ...  bottom line, don't stock up and think it'll be good forever.  Instructions suggest storing in the fridge- do it. Buy it when you need it. Still, it's awesome."
Use this stuff on absolutely everything.
Owns. Keep it in the fridge. Us it all once you open the package. Incredible stuff.
"Yes, it works, but for $645 a pound?"
OMG miracle product!  This fixed the valve on my air mattress perfectly!!  Unbelievable.
"I first got this to help with a shower rod that keeps falling down, but it is amazing how many uses I have found for this.  It really works!"
I've used Sugru several times and it has yet to let me down. Very useful for fixing power cords that are coming loose from power bricks and car adapters.
"just tried this today to fix a hole in my garden hose.  waiting for it to cure, but so far I love the possibilities this stuff is capable of fixing/doing."
"OMG, this stuff is amazing! Saved a $200 pair of shoes from the trash. It's magic putty that turns into rubber in 24 hours. Their website is full of video instructions and has a HUGE amount of ideas on how to use this stuff. I wish it came in buckets instead of tiny packets! I love it that much! If you are looking for an out of the box way to fix/repair ANYTHING you own, this is the stuff! Nuff said."
Used it to secure the back of my MacBook that started popping off.
Sugru is the greatest thing since sliced . . . no it's better than sliced bread.  I can fix anything with Sugru.
"Don't believe the hype, cracks easily"
"We didn't use it right away, so didn't notice until it was too late that it was ""expired"" and can't return."
Excellent product. Keep cable safe and works with all different cables.
The woman that invented this is a true genius in every meaning of the word. This product does EXACTLY what her website does. Too much to explain in a review so go to sugru's website. Just make sure that you know exactly what your plan is before opening the pouch. After about 30min it will dry out and become useless. The air dries it out. Fixed a frayed charging cable this time.
"I've successfully used Sugru to build replacement parts for internal components in my underwater camera housing. It was much easier than trying to track down one obscure little piece of rubber, and with a single package, I was able to build half a dozen extras. The excess putty gets turned into little animal sculptures. I only wish that Sugru wouldn't go bad, as I bought a couple packs to have on hand only to find that, indeed, their expiration dates do matter. It hardens and loses its moldable quality in the package even at normal room temperatures. From now on, I'll purchase them only for immediate use."
Very good !!
I love this stuff
There's nothing you can't use Sugru for.  Highly recommended
"This is one of the best and versatile products I have ever used.  I love to jury-rig stuff, and this helps me accomplish it!"
"Good stuff.  Used it with magnets to hold the door on our broiler (at bottom of our range) in place.  Also fixed the plastic housing on an iron that broke.  I really love this stuff.  When you use it with disk magnets, the possibilities multiply.

One problem has always been fixing rigid plastic.  Although this stuff shows (it is applied like a putty), it works well even on plastic!"
"It is holding up my shower curtain. It takes about a day to dry, but it does what it says it does. The packets are really really small, so get this one because then you get eight of them. I haven't tested the flexibility of it when it dries, but it works well."
This stuff is awesome!
fun and usefull
Amazing product.  Repairs just about anything.  I put a new rubber coating on the outside of a power adapter with cracked wire covering.
"I love everything about Sugru.  It can be used to fix and jerry-rig things.  I tell all my friends and family they need to have this in their house.  One thing to watch however is the expiration date.  I have used it after the expiration date and it still work, but I have found that some stores (not Amazon) don't always pay attention to this."
"I love everything about Sugru.  It can be used to fix and jerry-rig things.  I tell all my friends and family they need to have this in their house.  One thing to watch however is the expiration date.  I have used it after the expiration date and it still work, but I have found that some stores (not Amazon) don't always pay attention to this."
Love sure. It comes in handy for all sorts of tasks.
easy for me to use
lots of fun to find uses for this.
Super fun to use and SO versatile!
"Its ok, I used it as a facet handle and it broke 48 hours later, it does work good for protection cable but its over priced electric tape."
Great fix for my iphone cords that get frayed near the plug.  I got the little packets in different colors.
Works great. Love the ability to mold things to fix things.
"I love this stuff, yeah it's pricey but it works and well."
"This stuff is just as awesome as it looks, I have repaired laptop cracks, wallets, refrigerators, lawn mowers, saddle bags, and Ipod stands.... 5 stars !"
This stuff is very handy to have around. It's a little messy to work with but you can make any shape you desire.
"buy some  then buy more and send to me  i love this stuff  pros... see multiple lifehack pages  cons  only one so far after using for years
bad shelf life  ooor i should say  i let it sit in a junk drawer too long hardend up on me"
playdough engineering
"This is one of those products that I heard about several times, but couldn't imagine needing; I bought it on sale on a whim, and of course immediately found a bunch of uses for it and now can't imagine not having it in the house. Let me preface this by saying I'm not a particularly handy person. That said, I've used Sugru to:

-Added ""feet"" to two corners of the Power Supply in a gaming PC I built, to resolve a buzzing issue caused by the PSU support bracket not fitting correctly
-Fixed a light fixture that required both glue and support cushion
-Fixed a broken Apple lightning cable
-Added a ""hook"" to my gaming desk to hold my headphones

This stuff is seriously great and extremely easy to use. It smells weird and will stain your hands when you work with it, so be aware of that, but otherwise it does what it says. It has bonded to everything I've tried to far and is easy to shape as you need it.

Highly recommend this product!"
"This worked great to repair a much loved car USB charger that had broken at a hinge point. Easy to mold and get positioned, set up fully overnight."
amazing
Fixed my friends phone case from always going to no ringer. Good stuff.
"I tried this for a few different repairs with disappointing results.

I wanted to fix a zipper. Since this binds to ""metal and most fabrics"" I thought I would pull the zipper tab and fabric backing together. But it did not stick to the cotton/poly backing at all.

Also tried to use it to fix a cracked plastic shroud around my twist-grip bike shifter. Stuck it over the crack and let it dry. It promptly re-split along the crack lines. Had hoped it would be flexible enough to stretch a tad.

Attempted to fix a broken plastic hinge on a storage bin. Did not stick to the hdpe plastic at all."
love this thing... it fixes everything .... even my expensive ultimate ears Triple.fi Pro.... i gonna order more .....
Did not work in any permutation
"This is a great pack. I have used it on everything from reinforcing a shelf to fixing a wire that was coming loose on a very expensive set of headphones. I just wish it came in smaller packs, because I wait for a few things to pile up before fixing them because once you open the packet, you have to use it right away or it hardens. I had one harden in the packet after my cat bit a hole in it."
I got a free sample of this. It's killer! I need to get some colors!
Good product
"This stuff worked great to repair the rusted dish rack in my dishwasher. Being an older dishwasher, I could not find a replacement part, new or used. A little difficult to apply on the thin rack ""wires,"" but once cured seems to be working great. NO rust has reappeared yet. I first removed all the rust down to bare metal before applying Sugru. I would recommend this product."
Terrific material
"We used it to cover some chewed molding on the floorboards of our apartment from the dog, so that we could avoid having to pay for repairs. The white worked perfectly on the white-painted wood, and you couldn't even tell there was damage unless you knew what you were looking for."
Great item
I love this stuff.
I use Sugru for all kinds of things. They have a great website--check it out.
Amazing stuff!
Worked as expected
"This stuff is great. It performs in a way that no other adhesive that I know of does. You can shape it like putty and when it sets, it adheres to whatever you are fixing but it remains flexible. It is excellent for fixing electronic cords that are becoming frayed from use.

Now the downside. It's expensive (probably because it is unique). Also it comes in little packets and it usually only takes a dab to perform your 'fix' but the rest of the glue in the package cannot be saved for later. Even if you seal the packet, the remainder will harden and be useless (and makes it more expensive).

So... it's great stuff but should only be used on projects that another adhesive can't fix..."
not strong
"I was interested in trying this out at work. Unfortunately it wasn't until AFTER I opened the package that I saw ""Use befor 9/2015.""

No wonder it was kinda dry, and cracked looking. It worked in some places, but was too old for other uses."
"One of the small packets had hardened in the package so I only got 7 usable gobs.
Product does exactly what it promises.  I glued a silicone kitchen tool head to the metal handle, used it to flip eggs and washed it in the dishwasher.
It was like new!
I also make a ceramic casserole handle wider for a better grip on lid.  It can be sculpted into shapes that are compatible with the original item."
"overrated, can't do as much as commercial says it will."
Works as stated but not quite as pliable after drying as the ads say but it has saved two iPhone cords and saved me money.
"Won't you know it, my apple power cord broke (as they do). Instead of buying a replacement, I bought this bad boy.

Just remember to wash your hands thoroughly before application. Before it dries this thing is super sticky even taking my fingerprints. And DO NOT move it before it's dry. It was partially dry and I had to move it a little and it broke a bit. Rubberized well once dry but now there's a crack in the rubber.

Will improve with more applications."
Used to add a cap to a G13 joystick. Worked perfect!
A great do it all product to fix or enhance things.  Imagination is your only limitation.
Thank you designer
Coated the handle of my mini frying pan - works great!  Tried a few other projects where there was a need for more mechanical structural integrity and it didn't work so well.  Overall great product!  It lets me avoid the hassle of mixing silicone myself!
This is cool stuff! Re-enforced ALL my Apple cords.
love it!
"This stuff is awesome. I had an employee tear the rubber piece on my drill that holds the drill chuck. Afterwards I was constantly losing the chuck because i couldn't put it back in its holder. So I bought some of this stuff to try out, and remembered my dril problem. I put some on there, shaped it like i needed it, 24 hrs later BAM! Back in business baby, worth every penny. (And yes its very sturdy)"
too expensive because it only works when it wants to
Great stuff
"Just didn't work well for a broken foam Minecraft pick, which was one of the items they tout in their photos.  It's a tough fix, granted."
worked as advertised
It works exactly as described. I'm hoping not to have replace my charge cord again so soon after applying it to the base of my connectors
I have been wanting this stuff for quite a while and finally got some. It is pretty amazing stuff so far. You can bind almost anything and not worry about getting glued to something. I have all sorts of cool projects in mind for this and can't wait to try out more!!!
"I've used Sugru many,  many times for multiple repairs.  It's a unique and excellent product. Their website gives myriad ideas for how to use it. I always keep it on hand and have recommended to friends and family."
Date code indicated product had not expired. However the several packages opened appeared dry. They were somewhat pliable. Interesting and useful product.
"So versatile, easy to work with and strong! I used Sugru to replace lost feet on my Macbook (Apple wanted $90 for a new bottom assembly to replace 2 feet). I used Sugru to repair bumpers on toilet seat (had to mix my own custom color, which was surprisingly easy). I used Sugru to reset poles in a foosball table. Amazing product."
Fun stuff.
"Fixed my Fitbit charge HR. The band was pulling away from the monitor,  so I cut off the loose parts of the band and used Sugru as the replacement cover.  I seem to bang this poor thing on stuff while I'm at work all the,  time and it's holding up really well so far."
Does what it says it well.
Awesome awesome awesome. No shadow of a doubt if you need a small fix of some sort this is the best solution. I love it.
"You know... this is a fine product for what it does, but I don't appreciate being price gouged! I just received my order, and the cost was $16.21. I turn around to possibly order more for a future product and the price has jumped to $22.00 for 40 lousy grams of putty? It was already too expensive at the previous price. Versimold will get ALL of MY future business!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Versimold-VM0013B-Black-Versatile-and-Moldable-Silicone-Rubber-Compound-for-DIY-make-it-or-fix-it-projects-and-more/dp/B00NQ11AQI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Versimold VM0013B Black Versatile and Moldable Silicone Rubber Compound for DIY make-it or fix-it projects and more</a>"
"This stuff is really great! I used it to patch multiple water bags for watering trees that had been punctured by weed eating/mowing. It worked perfectly, even patched holes on the seams! I simply cleaned the outer surface and dried it. And then I applied the sugru and waited 24 hrs. After that, I began using the watering bags again. That was a month ago and the patches are still holding up! I tried bicycle tire patches but they would not work on the seams. I highly recommend this stuff!"
"This stuff is really great! I used it to patch multiple water bags for watering trees that had been punctured by weed eating/mowing. It worked perfectly, even patched holes on the seams! I simply cleaned the outer surface and dried it. And then I applied the sugru and waited 24 hrs. After that, I began using the watering bags again. That was a month ago and the patches are still holding up! I tried bicycle tire patches but they would not work on the seams. I highly recommend this stuff!"
"not much to add to the product description but it does work as described.
I use it to protect charging cables from fraying."
"I have not had an opportunity to use it,  but I have heard good things from those who have."
"So....I've only used this once.  But it's pretty impressive.  I have an older curling iron.  The kind that gets really hot.  I love it, just can't find one quite like it now.  The plastic tip of the handle broke.  I used this to fashion a new one.  No one can even tell.  This is the stuff."
"Not as useful and easy as I hope, end up using hot glue gun"
works great
"I am J B Weld-aholic, but there some items I would not want to use J B-weld for because its permanent or its simply not the right material. For example, I have used this product for stabilizing the legs of kitchen shelving, repairing rips in tarps, and re-enforcing cables with great success. It dries to a cross between plastic and rubber, which can be cut-off if necessary, but is also somewhat flexible, solid and strong. Love it."
"Much less product than I expected, but worked as advertised, just the amount is so small."
I've been buying and using Sugru for at least 4 years. Buying directly from manufacturer.  It has a use by date. Which you can extend by refrigeration or freezing it.  READ the package when you get it.v
"As claimed, Sugru has the unusual quality of providing ""body"" to fill in gaps where mating surfaces don't match perfectly, which is just what I needed.  The connection had to be extremely strong, because it involved reattaching pieces of the broken handle on my favorate personalized porcelain coffee mug.  The glue filled the gaps visually and made a surprisingly strong connection.  There is a very slight leak, but that may be from a small crack in the mug, rather from where a piece of the handle fit into a hole in the mug.  Regardless, the leak is so slow that I still use the cup, with a saucer.  Although Sugru takes more time to use than conventional glues, it's ability to ""fill"" is a terrific feature, and its strength seems fine."
Not what I hoped for.
Need to fix anything this is a great tool to have in your arsenal I have fixed a ton of things around the house with Sugru.
Great idea. I'm still experimenting with it.  1.  Hook for wooden tweezers to pull small pieces of bread out of a toaster .2. Imbedded a magnet in a Sugru hook for a fridge hook. 3. feet for metal objects placed on delicate surfaces. More to come
Each pack of Sugru contains a small amount. It is good for small fixes and repairs but I needed it to replace a broken piece of a vacuum cord reel so I had to use like 5 of them. It seems to be working great but for larger fixes you will need to use several packs. Perhaps I could have 3d printed a part but I don't have one so this worked well. I can continue to use the rest for small fixes around the house when need be.
"I figured I'd try this because I had gone through several charging adapters for my laptop.  I used this to extend the radius the wire would bend near the connections to the adapter block and laptop connector.  It's working!!  Since purchasing it, I have also used it to repair a battery charger for my camera.  The tabs that hold the battery in place broke off.  Sugru fixed it perfectly!  I plan to keep this stuff on hand."
Did not work as shown on I phone cord
This stuff is crazy.  Great for split cords.
"Should have bought white, but I wasn't sure.  But fixed my one recharging cable.  Oh my, worked pretty well, hope the other 7 stay good until I need them for something else."
"I had never heard of Sugru before until I got a sample of it free from pinchme.com to test and review for my honest opinion and I am so glad I got it. I use to use duck tape to hold my damaged iPad charger cable in tack. I used the Sugru instead and It worked great. It was like playing with play dough, very moldable and dried faster than the 24 hours recommended. The only problem I had was getting off my hand, it wasn't as easy to wash off. I still love it and will buy in other colors in the future. I think the usage for this is as wide as your imagination."
"I believe in the power and glory of Sugru now. I have an expensive clothes steamer that had a pulled cord exposing strand were the cable wrap broke and up on the body, a crack to its plastic housing. I thought I'd just buy another. Nope - they'd gone up in price to about $80. Since this steamer still worked fine and the issues were cosmetic if repaired properly I decided to Sugru that thing. I used a big wad where the cord had pulled our to recreate the cord protector and a flat matchbox-size piece to repair a crack in the housing. Both worked extremely well and since the steamer was black, like the Sugru it's as good as new and looks pretty good now. FTW."
I was able to fashion a zipper out of Sugru to fix one of my winter jackets and make my charging cables last longer then before!
I get this stuff for my dad for Christmas and birthday. He's an old-school handyman/repair technician and he loves it. It lasts longer if you keep it in the fridge!
"I ordered this after I saw a video that suggested I could use it to reattach a broken fan socket connector on my macbook pro. Well, it did not do the job. The problem with it is that it takes some dexterity to get in the right shape and in the right place. Also, once you open the sachet you have to use all of the product. I used it to create a 'hook' for a pan, and it works pretty well. I recommend this product, with the warning that its applications may be a bit more limited than advertised."
does what it claims to do
This stuff is incredible! Repaired a number of things I'd given up on.
This stuff is amazing it's like magic! I absolutely hate super glue I can never use it right and it gets all over my hands. After using Sugru and not making a mess or getting my fingers stuck together I will hopefully never need to use super glue again
"I ordered the 8 pack, but I'm wishing I'd ordered the 4.  I used a single packet to reinforce my iPad charger cable, my hair straightener cord and the clips on my cell phone case that hold the phone in place (they were cracking).  So far, so good, everything is holding well, and I haven't had any separation or cracking.  I wore latex gloves and really took my time to work the putty into place, so perhaps that helped it really adhere.

The reason I wish I'd gotten a smaller pack is because of the reviews that this stuff will eventually dry out, even within the individual packs. Given how little it takes to fix most items, I'm worried that I won't get around to using the rest before it goes bad. Given the cost of this stuff, I'm not OK with that."
"OMG!! where has this stuff been all my life! Yes it is a little on the expensive side but for what it can do and does, its a great product to have!!!
I just fixed my dads ""TV EARS"" with it, they are a wireless head set that is used for watching TV, by people with hearing problems. he is 90 and stubborn as a mule, hates his hearing aids so he'd rather crank the tv as load as it goes.. .lol so we got him the head set which works great but must be made out of recycled soda cup lids or plastic coffee stirring sticks because both ""arms"" snapped within one year. He used tape to hold them together but it was flimsy and weird looking plus with the thin, as cheaply made as the rest of the thing, wires running through the arms, it was only a matter of time before they broke as well. Enter Sugru! What a life saver. it works perfectly, holds strong and has a lot of flex and support. My only regret was not putting a small piece of wire or paper clip around the arms first, to help hold them stiff, then put the Sugru on over them. I was just afraid that the wire would end up poking through the Sugru over time but... oh well... it was my first ever time using this stuff so I was Naive, forgive me! maybe I will add them later if need be. but for now, this stuff is holding like a champ, I almost want to coat the whole item in Sugru to keep them from ever breaking again... well, I would if Sugru were cheaper...lol
not that im knocking the price. its worth it but it is costly, same as a caddy is worth the price but not everyone can buy one or two or three! If you want quality, you have to pay for it!  lol. Anyhow, Thanks Sugru, I will be looking for more uses in the future! you've made a life long fan!"
I never heard of this stuff till about 2 months ago! this is great I used it to mount my led lights on my truck and also to hide small gaps in my accessories panel
This stuff is Great. Really works. Fast shipping. Way to go US POSTAL
"I used this to fix a number of phone charger cables that are split open at the end, revealing wires.  So far it's working really well!  I was worried that the glue would come lose and end up sliding up and down the cord (as happens when I have fixed split ends with electric tape), but it seems super sturdy.  I use 1/2 pack per cord, which I actually think was a little too much.  Not that it gets in the way, just that if I put a smaller blob on the cord, I'll be able to use the remainder to fix more items.  It did take longer than the anticipated 24 hours dry time before I felt like it was totally solid (and didn't smell anymore), but I guess that means I laid it on too thick.  The end result is sturdy yet somewhat flexible.  So glad I found this stuff!"
"Works exactly as it says it will ... love it.
DOWN SIDE: once you open a pack, you had better use the entire amount because what's left will harden and become useless.
I've tried cutting off a piece so that what's left inside is not exposed to air and immediately sealing the envelope with waterproof tape (duct, gaffers, what have you); I tried squeezing out what I need through a hole just big enough to extract the stuff (not easy to do, by the way)...nothing has work to preserve what's left."
This stuff works well.  I'm a repeat buyer.  Keeps well in the refrigerator for several years past the expiration date.
"Use it constantly although the price seems a little high...my wallet squeaks every time I order it and I cringe a little at the price.
 although I keep ordering it, I would use far more if it was a little cheaper..."
"Incredible strength, easy to use and so many uses!  I fixed a broken mug hanle in three pieces, sugru made the handle stronger and it's microwave and dishwasher safe!"
Really works!
Pack is gone. Broken cables cant be found.
"Wasn't sure how well it would work, but I'm definitely a fan so far!"
Love this stuff  So easy to use and fixes almost anything!
very good
"Takes a bit of practice to get used to handling the stuff.
I'm quite annoyed that I ordered white and got a package of assorted colors including everything BUT white. Needed it right away, so did not have time to return it."
"Bought this to have on hand for special situations.  By the time I went to use it all the packets were hard and non-pliable even though they and the original package was not opened.  Yeah, great stuff that you can only use for a limited amount of time."
The stuff is just unbelievably helpful. I'm always figuring out new ways to use it and it is saved many many things in my life that I would probably have thrown away and had to replace.
it really interesting products
"Used ours for fixing and reinforcing phone chargers, tablet chargers.  Fixed a favorite coffee cup handle, used some over a cracked gasket/seal in my tub.  Still have a couple packs left and I'm sure we will find some more jobs to use them for.  Worth the price just to not have to keep buying new phone chargers.  Make sure you read the directions thouroughly before you start your job.  Will need to wash your hands well after.  I keep my leftover packs in the fridge."
This stuff has saved many a charger cord from certain death.
"I love love love this product.  I wanted to make my own sealing wax stamp, and didn't want to go through the process and mess of making a plaster mold, etc etc.  The end product is slightly pliable (i.e., it's not rock hard) but it works perfectly for the sealing wax stamp.  I use a sealing wax glue gun to fill my stamp, and then applied it to paper -- and everyone raved.  I may buy more and then sell the wax stamp (it looks similar to the Phantom of the Opera skull stamp, but smaller  - just awesome!)"
It does work I would definitely buy it again
"This stuff is amazing! The possibilities are endless! There are a lot of videos on YouTube of different things to use this on. We watched a few and then tried it out. It worked easily and perfectly. The only downside is you need to have a few things ready to make or fix, because you don't want to waste it once you open the package. But it's packaged in nice smallish portions, so not a huge worry."
"Love this stuff but it feels expensive. I've used to seal crack in plastic housing of instant thermometer and fill in a crack in the lid of a glass jar--both applications make Sugru an inexpensive alternative to ""complete replacement"". But quantity is small and cost seems excessive when you buy a pack of these."
"The stuff works great. I got it to reinforce a replacement audio cable. The only reason I knocked off a star is it is really expensive for the small amount you get. It works as advertised, and I'm glad I did it, but for this price, I'm wondering if there could have been another, cheaper solution."
"This stuff is excellent! I use it for so many things and it always, always works well. Check out their website for fun and creative tips for use. Gave a bunch of this for holiday stocking stuffers. It was fun to watch everyone try to figure out what it was."
"Works great, I used it to repair my charging cord."
Put it on my iPhone charger and it fell apart
Easy to use. Can be used on a lot of projects. If using a lot will need more time to set.
"Bit chalky (black stuff) and creates a mess on your hands...was not expecting that.  But does the job, it does form and can be molded etc just have wipes and a cloth handy for cleanup."
"It does not work like it did on T.V. I was excited to order it despite the seemingly high price. I played with the first packet and it did not bond well to anything. The second packet I attempted to repair a frayed part of the charge cord for my i-Pad. I figured this was a sure thing since it was one of their suggestions. I gave it two days to set up and it still was a poor bond and didn't meet expectations. I have a few more packs left, so it's two stars for now. Maybe I received a bad batch, I don't know. I will update this after I try it again."
"I'm really disappointed in this product. I was really excited thinking I found a solution to the plastic feet of my wire bertoia chairs scratching my floor. I had tried a bunch of other things and thought this was it after seeing it's example on their website. I order 1 pack of 3 even though it was pricier than I liked because I thought it was worth it. I was surprised to find out how TINY each packet was. I tried using it sparingly but couldn't put some on more than 3 chairs. I painstakingly clean off any residue or dirt from the bottom of each leg so it wouldn't interfere with adhesion. I ordered a larger pack so I could finish my chairs and maybe use it on other things. Before the 2nd pack arrived, the sugru had fallen off my chairs despite given it more than 24 hours to dry. Since I already had more coming I tried a different method to see if I just applied it wrong and then hot glued the dried rubber pieces that has fallen off back on. Less than a week later most have fallen off and left weird streaks in my floor I can't get rid of. What a waste of time and money. I don't even know what to do with the packs I have left."
i got nothing against this item it does the job well
This stuff is okay.  It works.  I prefer silicone rubber self fusing tape over this product though for any cable repairs etc. This is good in other situations. Note that the back will makes your hands really black and is messy and annoying to get off.  Once it cures it is okay. I have repaired a car gps mount with this and it works well for situations you need something that can be molded into any shape.
Love this stuff! We use it to doc our Dropcam to the wall outside to spy on our hummingbird babies.
"This stuff is fantastic!!!! so many great things you can do with it! once you open the package, it has to be used. when air hits it, it activates... but its an awesome product. I got it for my dad for his birthday and he's already ordered more because he ran out! :) its a great fit-it-all and great for making new things too!"
Used it on a frayed usb cord and worked great!
Remarkable Item
"Use it on cable ends , works great,"
"After seeking this ""hack"" online, I bought this to fix my fraying Apple charging cables. I was able to do a computer and phone charger with the amount in one packet. Great product, definitely worth the price!"
"I can't say enough how much I love this product.  I have used it to fix the lid on my crock pot, broken cords, sunglasses, and more.  If you look up videos on YouTube you will find even more uses for it.  It is better than superglue!"
I love the variety of uses for this product and can't wait to think of more.  I plan to always keep some on hand to fix things when needed.  I do wish there were more color choices.
"I have to say that I haven't used this very much, so far.  I am not so thrilled that each packet is ""one time use"", but it said that clearly in the product description so I should not be unhappy about it.  Each packet contains a small amount, although it was bigger than I expected.  About the size of a small walnut after it was all softened up. That's why I was not so thrilled.  I only needed about 1/2 a packet for my first use and that left the dilemma of whether to use only 1/2 and throw the other half away, or to use the entire amount.  In this case, I opted to use the entire amount because it really didn't make a difference.  I had purchased a new outdoor security light and it was supposed to have a small silicone plug to cover a screw hole.  The plug was to keep moisture out of the unit's electronics.  But there wasn't a plug.  I grabbed my Sugru, kneaded it a bit and then stuck the whole wad over the screw hole.  In the end, the largish wad of Sugru may make it easier to remove in the event I ever need to get to that screw again in the future.  And for now it is totally safe from rain and water getting under the Sugru.

A completely non-issue is that the packets each contain a different color of Sugru.  The light's base is black, but I had no black Sugru.  I had red, green, blue, yellow and other colors, but no black or white.  I opted for ""Royal Blue"" and while it doesn't match the color of the light's base, it does what I want it to do and the color is a nice contrast to the black base color.

As stated before, I put a blob of the Sugru over the hole in the light's base and let it sit for 24 hours.  When I went out to check later it was firmly attached to the light's base and didn't budge a bit when prodded.  There is more than enough of it to get a good grip should I ever need to try and pull it off.  I am only guessing that it isn't a totally permanent attachment, as I don't want to remove it unless I absolutely must.  Even if it is supposed to be permanent, I'm confident I can pry it off if needed because I could actually grab it with some pliers and forcibly tear it off if required.

I like it and I'm sure I'll find plenty of ways to use it.  And whatever I fix or make with it, will be in bright, cheerful colors.  Take that plain old white glue!"
Works great but should have put on cord before it became worn.
Does not stick as well as I expected.
oh what to do what to do... saving it for JUST the right Task.
I tried to glue two pieces of smooth glass together. Didn't work. I'll see if works on other items.
"The lauditory comments overshadow the microscopic ""Use By Date"" which is painfully not flexible or well advertised .  Buy it and use it, which I didn't.  I needed a product for ""stock"" when needed and opened it after the ""use by date"" at which point it was drier than a squirrel flattened on a desert road and just as useless.  I cant tell you how the product is because I had to throw it all away.  The company should make a bigger effort to emphasize the 'Use by date.""  I will not buy it until the product is improved."
This stuff is awesome
This stuff is fantastic. Doesn't firm up to diamond hardness but actually does the trick in many applications.
Used it to fix the side of a dishwasher basket where the rubber coating had been nicked resulting in the basket rusting through.  Worked exactly as promised and the repair has held up perfectly.  Easy to use. Hardens in about a day and ready to use within 48 hours.
"I used this to fix the 1st gen PS4 controller's joysticks. It has so many uses and can help you save quite a bit of cash for simple repairs like that. At first I was a little shocked at how expensive it was, but it was worth every penny."
Sugru is the Best. I've fixed and joined numerous things with this stuff.
This is a really good product.
"I read so many reviews of its usage and tried this on couple of things the way it is shown by users and on the youtube page but this does not work as expected. I applied this to a pan as the handle was loose and used two packets to entirely cover the thing and was sturdy enough after 24 hrs but after some days of use it just broke and came off. Same thing happened with small 1/2 cup rubbermaid containers on which I applied a magnet to stick on the Fridge and used it for dry spices like Oregano etc. After a few days of use it automatically came off.

I do not recommend using this for the price it is really costly and it comes in small packet"
"My wife loves this stuff! She's fixed a zipper, made a magnet, and has a few other household projects to DIY with sugru."
worked pretty good to fix my wife's tennis shoes..
Much more versatile than regular super glue! Sticks to anything!
Just buy it already! It fixes everything!
"Sugru is always great, though I hope they're improving it even more. :) White is definitely the best choice, because the other colors can bleed a little."
"Versatile, useful, nothing like it. Only issue I've had is that non-white packets leave a bit of color residue."
Precious product
"My Macbook Pro charger wire was starting to break so I got some Sugru to mend the damage. Absolutely incredible product that saved me like $70 to get a new charger. The only downside is each package is not resealable. Luckily I also had an iPhone cable and Apple earphones to reinforce. So basically, Apple, get your s*** together and pack some Sugru with your products."
"I'm a diehard fan of Sugru.  It fixes so many things, and I always try to be creative as to where I can utilize it.  I think this was my 3rd purchase already."
"Easy to use and lots of uses. To date I have: repaired a broken fan base, added a strain relief to a Mac Book power cord, and 'improved' a clamp style camera mount."
On the downside is that you have to use all once opened and rigid items like sunglasses the fix seems to be just temporary
"Simply Amazing! We had 200 dollar head phones that were broken. Fully repaired now using Sugru, they even fit better than they did before! We also had Ipad cords fraying, well Sugru fixed those too! I can NOT say enough about this product! Saved us a bunch of money!"
"I've been using sugru for about 5 years.  It's a great product.

Back when they were a much smaller company, there were vows of trying to make it cheaper... just as soon as they could start making it in larger quantities.

...instead, now it's actually now MORE EXPENSIVE.  Really?"
"Bought this and used it for three things immediately, a loose toilet seat, a shower curtain rod that kept falling, and my fraying charge cord for my phone. So far so good! Love this stuff!"
Very cool stuff and many things to use this on.
"I love this stuff! I bought it to strengthen our iPad cords. They always seem to break near the end connecting to the tablet. I used one of the thingies to strengthen both cords, the material was easy to work with and performed as advertised. I wish I could find more places to use it! :)"
"Sugru is something I read about online somewhere and thought -- that must be too good to be true.  But, it actually works just as they say it does!  It is amazing, and I have used it to fix everything from drawer handles to broken vases.  I love this stuff, and am constantly coming up with fun ways to use it!"
"Where has this stuff been all my life. It is a wonder fixer but expensive. When you need it, you need it. It takes quite a while to setup. That's good and it's bad. I love this stuff."
Love this product! Can use to fix numerous things!
I love this stuff. I find myself looking around for excuses to use it.
This stuff has only work around an iPhone charger cord. Everything else it has fallen off after waiting 48 hours to use.
I used it to hang a small bar in my shower.  Worked well......
"This stuff is fantastic.  I've used it to fix a broken mug - the handle is held on by blue sugru, which makes everyone think I've left painters tape on it, and we've washed it in the dishwasher a few times a week for the last 4 months.  It's held up beautifully.  I also made a custom cookie cutter and used the sugru to fuse the ends.  It isn't technically food safe, so I made sure it wouldn't contact the cookie dough directly - but it made for a strong cutter - the foil showed no signs of wanting to come apart.  I'm very happy with this stuff."
love this stuff!  use it to put little feet on bottom of countertop items and to make cool looking 'bump-stops' for cabinet door handles.
This stuff is awesome! And I could totally see it being addictive. Bought it to make my own wax seal stamp for some packaging since having a custom one made in metal was soooo pricey. Just rolled it in a ball and squished it on a bottle end and carved my design in with a clay carving tool I had around the studio. Now I'm wondering what else I could do with this!
"Kind of expensive for the small amount you get, and also kind of messy to use. But it works well and is very handy to have. Note that this stuff does not last forever (it has an expiration date on it) so don't stock up unless you plan on using it all."
LOVE this stuff
"Good quality, shipped of timely manner, reasonable price."
great
A great product!  It fixed my hardshell suitcase.
"I had some fun with this stuff.  I used it on the handles to my griddle.  The handles became very hot and were a safety hazard so I used the sugru to cover them as a protection to my hands.  I used 6 of the packets for this one project, so it wasn't a cheap fix, but it worked.
The pack of sugru I bought was black and white so I mixed them to get a different design on my safety handles. I didn't have enough of either to go with the one color option. I considered mixing them for gray but that seemed like too much work and this seemed much more unique.

Update.  I bought this so my griddle handles would not get hot and be a safety hazard.  They still get way to hot to be safe. So I spent $20 and did not do what I had hoped.  So basically, I wasted my money."
"Very handy stuff for attaching things to other things, attaching things to themselves, and making and attaching a new thing to a pre-existing thing.

When my root canal fell out, I thought I'd save some money and fix it myself. I mixed a little ball of white Sugru with yellow and a little black till it matched my teeth, then jammed the errant tooth back into my gums and held it tight for a good ten minutes.

OMG, it tasted like that gym sock I left in the bottom of my locker for three months in 11th grade smelled, if you used the sock to wipe up the juice that dribbles out of the dumpster behind a Chinese restaurant in August. I threw up several times and couldn't eat for nearly a week. I called their customer service to complain and they told me not to put sugru in my mouth. I told them it was too late for that. They told me to take it out. No way I'm going to pull my tooth back out! I wound up anesthetizing my mouth with some Maker's Mark which got me through the rough patch.

On the plus side, I lost six pounds and they HAVEN'T come back! (But now everything I eat tastes like it's been filtered through a possum's butt.

I have enough sugru left to fix my tooth if it falls out. If I have to do it again, I'll try blue instead."
Love this stuff works great fixed a bunch of stuff
"It was supposed to come with 4 black and 4 white rubber packets. I am missing a white packet. There had to be a packaging error because a white packet was missing, and I only received 7. This irritates me because they are expensive. I paid for eight, and I expect eight. Not seven. I needed both colors, but I needed white more. BUT...I love the product. I would have given it 5 stars if I had received 8 packets. I used one black one to fix a Fitbit band. It worked awesome. I have a mini rolling pin, and it made such a smooth surface that it looks like it is part of the band. I then used a white on my freezer door shelf. The door shelf is solid. Doesn't wiggle anymore. It's held beautifully. If they had given me the eight packets, I would have been very happy."
"This is expensive stuff, but seems to work well. I've used it on several surfaces including as bumpers on a shower stall door handle and as an adhesive between materials that would normally not adhere to each other. I did pretty much ruin a type of picture I was adhering to a base when I did not realize the stuff was all over my fingers and left a finger print on the paperish surface that I could not get off. Messier than I expected, but not as messy as liquid glues. Pretty cool stuff. I'm sure I will find it useful for a lot of little projects."
Apparently good stuff but there were supposed to be 8 packets. I only received 3 packets in mine.
Used this to fortify the ends of our Apple phone chargers and they cracked and broke the cord within a week
Over priced and over hyped. Hasn't really worked for me as advertised.
This product is easy to use. I used it to repair my computer power cable. I do wish there was a way to store any unused portion because once I open a package I am looking for other things I can use it on before it hardens.
I got it in the mail yesterday and used it on a charging wire. It cracked when I went to use the wire today.
"great stuff. my dryer lint filter had a crack in it that would snag & tear clothes. i fixed it with this. it's heat resistant & easily shaped. i fixed my daughter's shoes, a iPhone cord and made a handle cover for my camp pot since the handle would get really hot.

this stuff is great. it shapes to almost any form, sticks to almost everything & is heat/cold resistant."
As described.
Some of the most useful stuff I keep in the house.  I cannot possibly list the endless list of possible uses.
sure didn't work for me
"Did not stick to the plastic on my luggage for which I bought it. Emailed support who then told me it will not adhere to any ""oily plastics"". Buyer beware."
You know when you see something on the internet or TV and it looks great but once you see it in real life its disappointing... well this is not that!!! It is amazing just how anazing this material is!!!  My dog chewd up my $400 shippu kitchen knife and i redid the handle.
This stuff is really handy.  It came and I've immediately used more than half of it.
I was looking for something to fix a tear in my headphone cord.  The headphones were way too expensive just to toss because I accidentally ripped the plastic coating.  This stuff really works well.
"I use this product for all kinds of repair, hacking and assistive technology. Their website gives many examples of its applications. I purchased one batch that dried up in the package prematurely but this did not dissuade me."
"This stuff is nothing short of miraculous. It is useful for fixing or modding a wide variety of household products.  It is highly durable and water and heat resistant.  My only gripe is that it's expensive.  I've used it for everything from fixing a refrigerator shelf, color coding the identical key fobs for my wife's and my cars, replacing rubber feet on a variety of products, to sealing a built on the fly junction box for my holiday light cords.  The uses for this stuff are endless"
This stuff is the bee's knees!!!
It really works on plastic
Worked great and now our phone chargers are consistently also working.
Great for fixing my cords.
"So far, it lives up to the company's claims.  Lately, I've been using it to alter and customize hand tools. It has bonded well to metal and wood. I haven't tried it on other surfaces yet."
"O M G this stuff is AWESOME! I am so happy we bought this! Since we bought our first pack we have been fixing so much stuff. My favorite fix so far is on a pair of shoes I have not worn in a few years that I could not part with as the design is not made any more. Now I can wear them all the time again and I know I will be able to maintain them indefinitely! So many kitchen fixes (and hacks) have already saved us a bunch of money. I have already bought more packs of Sugru and will be buying more! I have found that this is not as sticky as some reviews stated and the 30 min window to form and attach it is way more than any projects we have done needed. We live on the seaside, so we have quite a bit of humidity as well, so there is that."
Pricey for a small tab. Nice product but the price is nuts for a literal drop of product. I won't buy it again.
gave it 3 stars because the product works and it says it does but if you only need it for one thing and you open the package you better make sure you find other things to use it on because once you open it you can't seal it up for later. I tried and when I went back to use it for something else it was hard as a rock. I used it to up the knob back on a lid and it's still on there. holding strong. love the product but just wanted to give you that heads up. Have more than one thing to use it on or else it goes to waste.
"After using it, you can't reseal it so it does not dry out.  So I guess its only a one packet per job."
Amazing!
Love this stuff!
"My low rating is not based on the product itself - it works great, seriously. The problem is that half of the batch had already hardened before I opened them. I was happy that I only needed three but that sucks."
Worked great.  Fixed cord that had torn. Now good as new.
"Great stuff and find all kinds of things to do with it, will always have some around for projects"
I have used it on the electric cord to my computer and the charger on my grandson's iphone.  works great.
"Awesome stuff, but crazy expensive and you get very little and you have to use all of a packet or you might as well toss it.
If you keep it in the fridge, you can get at least 2-3 years out of it.  It will go bad really quickly once you take the packets out.  So only take them out when you are going to use them and put them back in the fridge if you don't.

I'd rate this 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact it is insanely expensive and you get almost nothing."
It is a great product.... but buy a couple packs if youve never used it before.  It is virtually impossible to get anything to look professional on your first try.
This stuff is pretty good. I use it mostly for electrical wires whose insulation has cracked. It's better than electricians' tape.
Didn't even work once. All my little projects cracked. What a waste.
Love this stuff...fixed braided iPhone cable with some...it works!
"I accidentally slammed my keys in the door a couple months back and have been walking around with the broken car key FOB in my pocket ever since. Sugru was the answer to reattaching it back to my key chain! With Sugru, I was able to build a whole new attachment. There was a short youtube tutorial which gave some tips on creating texture. Using the stippling technique, I was able to add a more custom finish that also functionally gave it some anti-slippage benefits. Overall, the FOB is better than ever the size and feel is more ergonomic and now I don't have to fish for it each time I want to open/lock my car door. Thanks, Sugru!"
"Worked exactly as they say, like that it comes in a set of black and white for different tasks.  Just wish there was an easy way to store if you don't use all the amount in one pack."
"This is actually pretty amazing, just not *quite* as strong as I was hoping for. If the item broke because of rough use (i.e. my daughter's headphones, my daughter's charger cables, a few random electronic devices owned by my daughter) then it is only a temporary solution. Everything that I have fixed myself (broken plastic connector for laundry rack, several iphone cables, phone/gps holder for car) is holding strong. As long as you are not a teenager hell bent on breaking everything you own, this is a great solution and  very easy to use."
We used this to fix  broken favorite teapot. Love this stuff!
"Very interesting product for ""gluing"" and fixing those things that seem difficult to fix.  There are infinite uses.  Makes a hard rubber material that i find to be nonslip and quite durable.  Awesome for hobbyists."
"This is a great product, it has saved me from having to buy new expensive cords for my cell phone."
"Wonderful product, you will have to be really creative to use it all.  I bought one pack fixed 4 charging cords and now I still have a quite a bit left."
"This stuff is so cool. I needed something to cover an exposed L-bracket so the children in my classroom wouldn't get hurt and this fit the bill perfectly. It is moldable, almost like a silly putty, but then it hardens to a rubber that will not budge!! The only problem is once the packets are opened they cannot be saved. It's use it or lose it. But I'm ok with that for how amazing this product is."
its good
"Good stuff - used it to replace a broken bumper on a kitchen cabinet, where it worked well, looks good, but was probably more expensive than buying a new bumper. Used it to ""mold"" some in-ear headphone tips according to a tip on the Sugru website, with reasonable results, but no one would consider it a good replacement for a real molded headset. Looking forward to reinforcing a few wire grips on some USB cables, but have to have a plan of action before opening another package - don't want to waste any. The remaining packs are safely refrigerated in hopes that they'll keep past their listed expiration."
good stuff
does what it claims.... great stuff to keep around
"Not really sure that the hype is about. I find it has problems sticking to things and breaks easily. Also, they say you should wash your hands immediately after use and to not use it on food stuffs. For example, I tried to make a cable management holder, but it fell off the desk after a day. Also, once you open a packet time is ticking and it feels like a waste if you only use a small portion."
What's not to love about this product. The possibilities are endless.
"Love thia stuff!  I've used it on multiple things, including making a tray's corners longer to fit in a sewing kit, repairs for my shower knob (aesthetic, not plumbing/required for operation) and a few other bits ansd ends. I wish it didn't expire as quickly as it does, though. I bought this kit as a gift for Christmas 2015, and most of the pack expires in October 2016. Never thought I'd wish for things to need repairs!"
"This stuff WORKS!  Motorcycle gear gets a lot of abuse and the things I've made, repaired and modified using it have all held up much better than expected.  Sticks to everything except silicone based products.  A favorite product I recommend all the time.  Extra strain relief on delicate cords.  Handles where there weren't any.  Glue or stick things together.  Any task I've put to it, has turned out better than any other product would have."
"I bought this product about a year ago and it has worked great for me. I have used only about three of the packs over the course of the year, and each time it's worked well. I've only really used in on electronics cords, so I can't say much about durability through dish washing and cooking or heavy sun exposure. However, it's flexibility has been great and it has definitely held up well for me. I find myself trying to come up with new ways to use it just because I love the concept and am so impressed with how well it has done. The packaging recommends to store it in the fridge to help it keep longer, and that's what I've done, and so far so good. One note I will add, is that I wish I had been more of a perfectionist my first time using it. I first used in on an iPad charging cord, I was afraid would eventually split, like so many have. I decided to be proactive and used this self-setting rubber. When using it, some of the color in the product comes off on your hands, so in this case I tinted my hands a slight yellow shade (it came off really easy with soap and water though). There was also more in the single package that I expected for my use on a small cord. I was also scared that I needed to act fairly quick or else it would set before I had molded it as I wanted. So I worked to roll the cord (with the rubber around it) in my hands to smooth and roll the rubber evenly, similar to when you play/work with clay or play-doh type things. It didn't set nearly as quickly as I thought, after more experience I could've probably spent 20-30 minutes molding it as I wanted, but instead only took a minute or two. The end product wasn't nearly as smooth as I wanted, and I had left fingerprints in it. None of my issues, however, interfere with the use of the cord, and it has still worked well for me."
"Sugru is fantastic. I am so happy it is available on Amazon and in the U.S. now. I started using it when it was only in England and have loved it ever since. It is amazingly versatile - I have used it to make a holder on a side table for the Apple TV remote, to fix countless things from camera lenses to cooking pans (attached is a picture of one of the handle fixes of a cast iron skillet that I dropped and broke the handle off of). Every fix has held, not just for a few days or weeks, but for years. The skillet is regularly heated up and the Sugru still holds. It's basically magic. Every single person should have it in their drawer to use for repairs."
"While the amount of material in a package is quite small, similar to a large stick of Wrigley's gum, what you can do with it is really pretty cool!

I have used it to protect the ends of phone charger cables where the wire goes into the plug, added feet to kitchen items (used it to level a cutting board and a paper towel holder), added ""nubs"" for better grip on knives and tools.

Pretty much like permanent play-doh. :-)"
"Loves this thing ,fixed alot of things"
Used to (re)seal the back glass to my Xperia Z3 as the OEM adhesive was crap and failed before I even got the phone out of the box. This stuff really made it live up to it's IPX waterproof rating after application and curing. Sony should have used this from the get-go.
"Works well for it what it does, just wish the shelf life was longer. I Had an extra packet & went to use it on something the other day, only to realize it already expired & was completely dried out. I'll purchase more, but will stick to single packs as needed from now on."
"It lives up to it's name. Fixed my car adapter for my cell phone and in 30min it set
And I also love the fact that you can use it for pretty much any thing especially around the house where I think this would most come in handy"
"This is amazing, I love it and I've already saved friends and family from the torment and frustration of throwing another cable away.

I am blown away every time I use it. Nothing I know compares.

There's more than enough in each of the ten packs for most jobs. One pack is usually enough for two breaking wires, unless the cable is in critical condition (which has yet to happen to me).

Make sure you work with it quickly (one could lose track of time while playing with it), it could start to stick to your fingers, but good scrubbing should get it off without too much effort."
Thought it would work better is kind of gimmicky
"I purchased this Sugru pack with the primary intent of using the white to replace toilet seat bumpers, but the product did not work as advertised. I followed the instructions and carefully cleaned and dried the application surface, applied the Sugru, and let it dry for 48 hours. After just about a week, all 4 pieces of Sugru had fallen off, and because they are dried now, there's no way to reattach them.

I was planning to use the remaining Sugru for other projects, but now I don't trust its ability to stay adhered, so it will probably just end up in the trash.

Maybe it's okay if you're not relying on the adhesive ability, but that's supposed to be one of the main features. I'm just glad I didn't buy a bigger pack of it before trying it out."
"Sugru does not work as advertised. It flakes off and is NOT very strong.

Very expensive for what it is (poor quality) and the quantity (tiny packets)."
Blew that money!
"Great idea, didn't hold up as long as I thought it would and dried a little brittle, but works."
The black got all over my fingers but it did save my two charging cables so I can't really complain. Overall Sugru is worth the money.
doesn't hold as well as I though it would.
"Works great. I repaired a refrigerator an interior drawer glide path that took a lot of usage sliding in and out. The sugru lasted for over a year. I never thought it would last that long, but it did."
"We use this to reinforce the charger cords for some of our electronics. With different colors, I can also color code so I know which cord goes with which device."
"Works as advertised. We used it to shore up a mag-safe apple charge cable, they always break, and molded it into a new plastic piece for our dishwasher."
"Very interesting product, glad I bought it."
Love this stuff! Works on everything. What a great company story too. Look it up.
"Very useful product. Yet to be seen if it's the duct tape of the 21st century, but it's definitely practical. Hopefully the material is rugged and lasts the test of time."
Always a very handy product although slightly too expensive:)
"Really Cool Product! Packages could be a bit bigger, I'd advise ordering two packs, as this stuff is fun to play with!"
"This stuff is awesome, bought it to reinforce some of my higher quality charging cables that we're starting to wear near the connectors.

After letting it sit 24hrs it hardens to a solid plastic and looks great.  You can then take a razor knife to it to shape it if needed.

I'm going to repair some Beats Studio headphones that cracked to see how it holds up to flexing.

Pro tip:  Use hand cleaner like Fast Orange to make cleaning off your hands easy, the black doesn't wash off easily with regular soap."
this stuff is handy but I don't know if I would use it outside of minor repairs - it is extremely difficult if not impossible to make smooth so if looks of repair matter this probably isn't what you want. That being said it works as described and is handy for ugly repairs on odd shapes
"This is really great stuff.  You can fix a broken mug, add grips to handles, and tons of other things.  The only reason why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 was because to mold it, it actually requires some talent working with clay.  Otherwise the things you make won't look as good as they could."
LOVE Sugru moldable wonderstuff.
this thing is the best thing ever!!!! the best invention ever!!!!!! lol I fixed a lot of things in home already
Tiny packets of tiny playdoh junk. These packs are smaller than a travel pack of wet naps and the contents are so small that unless you're fixing little tiny things you're out of luck. As Seen On TV ripoff.
"Useful in a few rare situations because of it's moldable putty-like consistancy, but in most cases, no better than the silicon caulk/glue that comes in a tube, which is much much much cheaper.  The Sugru is very expensive, there is very little in each of the little packets."
"Was excited to try the product upon seeing how creative it is to some electronic cords and items in the house with edges missing.

Cons: some packs came dried up. The black color stains white walls and everything else. Have to use the whole pack or it dries out.

Pros: creative way to patch things up- like apple power cords, broken pieces of dishwasher ends, so you don't need to get a new one."
"My friends are starting to tease me about my use of Sugru. I think it might have had something to do with their marketing campaign where people suggest tips and show innovative uses.  It's like play dough in that you can mix colors (blue and yellow make green).  Their videos show how you can make artful flowers on a cup that double as furniture protection but I have no patience for that.

I started like most, using it on my macbook magnetic plug and made it too long so it became a weight that pulled the plug from the computer. so I had to redo that. I made a little hook on the inside of my computer cabinet to keep the cord from dropping on the floor. I've secured a coat rack on a door so it no longer rattles.  I tried to make the iPad stand on the wall made of hooks but that failed miserably, and I took a phone cradle where the cordless phones recharge from, and ""Sugrued"" it to the top of my monitor so I can see who's calling and which brings up the point - it's a little expensive.

Several things I wish they would improve:
1. I don't like that i have to use scissors to open a pack. They are never around when I need to glue something. So it seems that they could create a ""tear notch"" on the foil packages.

2. You don't get a lot of Sugru in one package. They made this cool stuff that dries to rubberized silicone --  can't they come up with an air tight container that keeps larger amounts fresh for longer periods of time?  I'm sure they're working on it but it's becoming expensive to explore my possibilities.

3. Some of the fun ideas they show (like turning an old camera into a smash proof toy camera) would cost close to $100 dollars to repeat, probably more. That's an argument to tone down the price or find a way to get us more for less.

4. There isn't a lot of explanation about thick or thin regarding how we use it. Especially for repair. If you are using it to repair a pipe, I suspect it's way more expensive than a sealer.

So it comes down to Price and Practicality. They want to market it as playful and they have fun colors to work with, but there is a good chance when you see the small amount you get in a piece of foil, that you'll limit yourself to practical repairs."
"I bought this because stupid Apple makes their stupid laptop chargers so damn flimsy. I broke two in 4 years. After the second time, I said to myself, ""screw Apple and their money making scheme!"" and that's how I came to buy this product. I reinforced certain parts of the charger and it has been working well. Hopefully no more money goes to these stupid laptop chargers."
Just used it on solar lights that broke in the wind. Love this. Will be buying more
We really like this stuff.
Works
Just as described and expected!
"works like a charm fixed my headphones, my truck keys, this sugru can fix anything."
"This stuff is bizarre, but I love it.  I am that person that will break an edge or tiny piece off of everything I own and then seethe about the ragged edge from that point on.  This solves that problem and lasts."
What can't you do with this stuff.
Works great thank you
Cool product that works really well.  We use it to repair our phone and ipad charging cords that fray at the ends.
"Needing something to repair scrapes on vacuum cord, this product sounded ideal.  It works wonderfully.  I also used it to reinforce the plug to wire area of the charge cord that goes to iPad.  Wonderful product, I just wish you could save left over product for later use, as it must be utilized within 30 minutes or it sets up.  I look forward to using for more creative applications.  I will continue to use this product and I can highly recommend."
Worked very well for my frayed MacBook charger and my other iPhone cables. It also worked well for this chairs that slid around on my floor!  Very easy to install but if you keep rolling it around in your fingers the compound will eventually end up in the crevices of your fingerprint ridges
This stuff is very cool. Would have been 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive.
this stuff is great!  I have used it to fix everything from a broken decorative wall hook to a Colpak ice pack seam to a plastic clip on my backpack.  All have stayed fixed for several months.  Looking for more uses!
I used it to reinforce the wire connections on an Apple charger after replacing the one that frayed out. Its doing well after three months.
LOVE this stuff.  Works amazing for reinforcing charging cords and headphone cords.  First thing I do to any new cord is use this.
This stuff is amazing!!
Love it. I always have some Sugru on hand for fixing stuff around the house.
"I used Sugru to repair a pair of MPOW Cheetah Bluetooth 4.1 stereo headphones (my favorite pair) where the wire started to separate from the hard plastic on the headphone. I was able to form it around the wire and hard plastic. That was several weeks ago and it has done an exceptional job at holding it together. I had to use the gray, since the Sugru multi-color pack did not include Black. I would have preferred if the Sugru included black in the multi-color pack, but if that is the only drawback, who cares."
"Sugru is great, it's just a little too expensive. I'll still give it 5 stars, as for the times when it's come in handy, I've been really happy to have it around. I've found this best for repairs. Oddly enough, I've used it to repair two different refrigerators. The first had a shelf on the inside of the door that had cracked and come loose. This fixed it right up. The second had door handles that had also cracked - for this job, I affixed them in place with gorilla glue, then hid the seam with a nice smooth line of Sugru."
Don't waste your money and time
"Although expensive, this stuff is pretty cool.  So far my favorite use has been to fix a cable in the kitchen.  The cable to my immersion blender got caught in the george foreman one day and the outer coating on the cord partially melted.  I taped up the exposed part really well but I've always feared what might happen if it got wet.  When I was trying out sugru I used some to patch up the cord and now I feel much more comfortable using my immersion blender!  This is MUCH cheaper than getting a replacement.  Pretty cool tool."
"I didn't get this for free.  I paid for it, and was skeptical.  Took a while to warm up to it.
If you have an inventive mind and are always tinkering with things around the house, give this a try.  It's an entirely different kind of product.

Plan on wasting a few packs figuring out how it works and what it's good for.  The uses I saw online weren't necessarily how I ended up getting the best of Sugru.
My tennis ball shoe holders fell off the wall.
My iphone cord repair cracked and broke the next week.
My toy car fell off the wall and left four black dots.

The leftover pieces were the pieces that ended up working best.  Does better on non-wall surfaces (wood, metal) but painted walls seem to work less well.
The molded hook is still up and holds an led flashlight or some binder rings.
The leftover sugru I used to glue the halloween hand to a shelf ended up working the best.
 Made little tips for the end of dowel rods and hung stockings under our office TV for christmas.
Have a pen holder molded to the inside of the glove box in the car.
Mended a broken ceramic angel figurine that was knocked over and broke in half, is strong and barely noticeable.

Look up the stuff in other people's reviews and on their site to get some ideas, then keep it in the back of your mind.  You'll end up finding cool uses before long.  I keep a memo in my phone and do a few repairs at a time since you only have a little while to work with the pack.  Also, can't spend too long contemplating as they expire in 6 months."
This stuff is awesome!  Useful for all sorts of repairs.
"Great product, wish I had known about it years ago (was it around then?).  Only cautions: 1) it does take 24 hours or so to cure, so be patient which is hard to do when playing with a new toy.  2) This stuff does get your fingers dirty.  I am sure there is a better way to handle it (they suggest washing your hands VERY well first) but if you don't mind getting your fingers dirty -- dive right in."
"The colors, ultimately, don't match what you're doing. Primary colors don't work well for this product, and black, white, and shades of beige/brown might work best.

On top of that, it's hard to find useful applications for this stuff. Strain relief for cords -- we get that; but, other than re-creating lost parts like knobs, it seems pretty limited, especially if you can buy quick-set epoxy for many of the same purposes. I'm no great repair person, but this stuff seems like the lazy hipster version of fixing things temporarily until your next paycheck arrives, or until a competent repair person does the deal."
Absolutely love
"Fast shipping, Product was just as described"
Luve this putty!!!!  only flaw...  kinda spendy.
"This stuff is pretty magical. Sugru looks and feels like modeling clay, but it dries into something like hard rubber overnight. It is great for simple mechanical repairs, and it is an electrical insulator so it can be used with circuitry. You just knead it a bit, then squish it into place. If you can do Play-Doh, you can do Sugru. When it hardens it is still rubbery, so it can be used to protect delicate surfaces from hard objects. It adheres to whatever it was touching, so it is pretty useful.

It isn't complete magic. It has limited strength when hardened, so if you are dealing with real forces, you might consider using some wire or metal strips for more strength. It is not a perfect adhesive which is good if you need to remove it, but means it isn't superglue. It also has a limited shelf life. After a year or so, even in the original packets, it loses a lot of its plasticity. I'll still give it five stars, because it can solve all sorts of household and project problems in a way that other glues and fillers cannot."
"Once it's hard, it's stiffer than I expected. Seems very durable and has lots of great uses."
Awesome cord saver
I used this to seal some glass to bamboo and it worked great. Made an airtight seal and looks great.
As advertised. Worked great on frayed computer cord. Good product to have around.
"I've not mixed any of the colors together yet but I have used this to stop a leak in a sink, create a rubber door stopper, fix a cabinet, and create rubber feet on a item. What a clever idea."
"This is a potentially useful product, but with a shelf life if just a couple of months it's not something to keep handy for the odd job where it would be useful. If you buy it for a project you need to do now then it'll likely be great, but put the rest in a drawer and in 2 or 3 months when another use arises it's already be cured in the sealed package. I thought it was great when I bought it, but now that the rest is useless I can honestly say that the one use I got wasn't worth the purchase price in my opinion."
Whoever invented this stuff should win an award!
"Sugru is a great product.  I used it to repair the ends of some iPhone charging cords.  They were becoming frayed and in need of replacement.  The cords are $19 at the Apple store.  Such a deal!  (they are considerable less than that on Amazon BTW).  Anyways, I applied the product on the ends, twirlled it a bit in my hand to taper and smooth it out and Presto!  Good as new.  Actually better than new.  The cords are now holding up way better than the originals ever did.  I still have several packets left for whatever uses I can find."
We are very pleased with the charger and headphone wires we have fixed with Sucru. Watch the instructional videos first. They are great.
"This stuff can be used for so many things--loved it at first.  But then I found a recipe online to make my own and it's easy and cheap.  This stuff is way too expensive for the amount you get.
Update:  Sugru just doesn't last long after it has been opened--unless I missed something in the instructions.  I found great instructions for making my own batch in small quantities CHEAP!

http://www.instructables.com/id/How-To-Make-Your-Own-Sugru-Substitute"
Didn't hold up in a lot of the uses we have tried using it to repair.
Hard to shape..
it's what they said it would be and that's all i ask.
Best idea ever made...
Now I do not have to throw out broken phone cables I just use Sugru sealer. This is a great sealer for many things.
"To be honest, I though it was going to be this ""wonder product"" that was going to be able to mold and hold a reasonable amount of weight. It hides cracks, creates little designs, covers things, but DOES NOT support anything. Such a small amount of product comes in each little packet that it took SIX packets, yes, SIX, to create a 1.5"" x 4"" door stop ""not even covering all sides."" Does it turn to rubber? Yes. AFTER 24 hours of NOT touching ANYTHING during this time. More hassle than it's worth and less cool than you probably think. Will not be purchasing this again. Don't let those infomercials and cool YouTube videos get the best of you!"
Did not work on my shoes like they on the video very disappointed
I was surprised at the different uses I could use the stuff on.
"Used for eye glasses.  They have a plastic bridge with no pad. I use Sugru to make a rubber pad in the middle to form it to my face and to give it a little bit of grip on my nose. As you can see it worked fairly well. The differnce in the shades of black is is actually less noticeable in real life and than in the photo. It's not as grippy as I had hoped but it did form to my contact area directly against my nose.  I pressed it against my nose before it cured. Also I have noticed no skin reaction to the food fully cured rubber.
[UPDATE]  The product is non slip enough for a nose guard on glasses.  The problem I found after extensive use of the new nose guard is that it retains an odor after sweating (exercise) and its' difficult to clean it enough to remove the odor.  I've had to use alcohol to kill the bacteria causing the odor.  It may be too porous a material and it's too prone to harboring odor causing bacteria.  I don' recommend it for glasses repair."
"I tried this to replace a missing plastic cover for a chair leg, but it didn't work.  Never fully dried and ended up squishing up on one side of the chair leg.  Don't bother."
Does the job
First time I had used Sugru and didn't know it had a shelf life.  I worked perfectly for building a custom mould around a USB key for my son.  Just make sure you don't buy too much to use before the shelf life expires.
Love this stuff. Can't think of enough things to use it for. I have never been disappointed
"I used this on my phone charge cords that were showing the wires, right at both ends.  It works fabulous.  Love it, and I bought white and black so that it matches the cords."
"Sugru has always been a great product that I love using. It is very easy to use and works extremely well. Just knead, stick it like gum, form, and wait!"
It's fun to repair things. It's like playing with clay but you get to fix things.
I bought this to reinforce my charger cables. Used as directed but did not preform as advertised. Perhaps it will do better in other applications.  But as yet nothing else needed repair.
"Bought this to use it for my car trunk seal. It worked, so I saved 400 dollars in product, and labor!"
So easy to use... great for repair.
"Works as expected, fixed some rungs in our old dishwasher before trashing the thing"
excellent product and delivered as promised
amazing item!
This stuff is the greatest.  Has fixed ever thing I need it to save ing  me about 50 .
"I've used this product since it was brand new and had to be imported. It seems like almost anything you want to fix or modify, Sugru can handle.

Among other things, I've used it for:
--making rubbery strips on the bottom of my alarm clock so it wouldn't slide off the table
--filling in gaps on things I've made or modified so that they'd fit against another surface perfectly
--making a ""stop"" for a sliding switch when I never want to use the far setting it slides to
--covering the rusting tips of my dishwasher rack so they'd stop staining my plates, and, most recently
--reattaching a heater leg when all 3 screws failed and 2 kinds of glue wouldn't hold

But my best project was resizing my husband's wedding ring. After losing weight, he refused to have the ring cut into to to have it resized. Adding more gold instead was prohibitively expensive, and none of the commercially available ring resizing options worked well.

I was surprised that Sugru actually stuck to the gold surface. I was even more surprised that it stayed on the ring. It did finally come off, about a year later I think, but even if it only lasted 6 months it would be worth just redoing.

If you want a smooth finished surface, Sugru suggests using water and your finger to smooth, which is what I did.

I also find it useful for filling holes in wood and walls - they have so many colors now that you can easily mix whatever color you want to match.

Those little packets are so expensive, though! The way I deal with that is to start a list of all the things I would like to Sugru, and don't open up a pack until one or all of those projects requires it (I'm not too fussy about color).

Although they say you can store it longer in the fridge, last night I opened up a packet that was 4 months past the expiration date (always refrigerated), and it was no good. I've also had that happen with a packet that was only 2 months past the expiration date, so I don't think refrigerating it helps much.

And one more tip: Don't use Sugru to make hooks! Not that you can't, but once you start using it, you'll start thinking it's the only thing you can use to solve all the little problems, and it's too expensive (and not the best choice) for that. Unless you need a very specialized color, a Command hook is a much better choice for almost all applications where a hook can't be screwed in; and if you don't like their hooks, Command strips can be attached to all sorts of things."
"I bought this to repair two cords which had split and frayed near the connectors. I applied it according to directions, and at first it seemed to work quite well. I waited the full cure time before using the cords and the product seemed flexible and perfect. But within three days of use, both cords were split and broken right through the Sugru. Very disappointing. I should have just bought new cords to begin with."
"love this stuff even more than i thought i would ... the uses are endless, it's delightfully tactile, and it works exactly as advertised.  i wish gallons of it were affordable."
Hay its works
"I used this to fix several connect cables which the wire sheath had separated from the connector. It worked great. I used the white for the Apple products and black for phone chargers. Was able to mold it into a fairly nice looking cover but it took a little practice to smooth out all the indentations created by my fingers. I was eager to see if would hold up with constant bending and after a few months it still looks great. I sealed a connection on my laptop charger and am constantly bending it as I wrap the cords around the ""brick"" and it hasn't cracked or separated. The only concern I have is that they tell you it has a specific shelf life so don't buy a bunch more than you need as it might not work months out. They said to refrigerate to extend the life so I'll see how that works the next time I need it."
"Worked ok to fix a couple of cables that I had that started to fray. Doesn't mold as easily as I thought it would, tends to stick to you hands some. If you have exam gloves I'd wear them while using it. The black version will turn you hands black, and takes some scrubbing to remove."
"I used Sugru to ""Fix that thing"" on a mic clip that didn't have enough grip, to add additional feet to my TDK Trek Max portable speakers so it could sit bass side down, to creating a thin pad between the metal tubes of my hunting stool to stop it from clinking, to reinforce my charging cable in high stress areas, and to custom attach an ActionCam to my helmet.

I LOVE this stuff!"
"Love it when it was new, but I let the product sit on the shelf in the pack for about 2 months, when I opened it to use it, it had dried up and hardened in the package. I got to use one package out of 6, not a good value if it can't sit around for a couple of months."
Love. Love. Love. Fixed my dish washer and some phone chargers and it is a fantastic product. Must have in the house hold.
Great stuff.  Fills gaps and sets quickly.
"I tried to fix three different things - bottom of a sneaker, an Ikea easel with a plastic bit that was missing and a hook for the cord on my vacuum cleaner. The shoe solution didn't work. The easel worked so far! The fix to the vacuum broke right off. This stuff looks great in the videos but in real life, it doesn't hold up to heavy wear."
Super Love this!!!!
"Never got to try it, bought the assorted color kit to fix a black bike seat, but the kit didn't have black.  Had already opened it, so I couldn't return, and hated to spend another $22"
"Already used 5 of the packs to repair a few luggage wheels, soap dish, chipped mug and a pot lid. The Sugru is easy to work with and holding up very well so far."
"I love this stuff. I have used it so far in strengthening the power connectors to my Mac and Samsung tablet. I also used it on one of my sunnies where the nose clip got lost.

Still trying to find other useful uses of this product.  It's really up to our imagination where you could use Sugru."
"I got this to repair sync cables and it does a great job. Used it to make an""hook"" on my fridge and it did what I needed to there as well!"
Wonderful product
This is the coolest stuff ever.  Used to fix a leak in the pool heat pump.  Sealed perfectly.
Works as well as advertised. Was happy with how it was able to stick everything I've tried it on so far. Comes sealed in mini packages for multiple uses
Fabulous fix for just about everything!
"This stuff is amazing.  I have already repaired 2 Iphone cords, and gave a pack of the Sugru to my brother so he could repair his, too."
"I bought this because my power cord on my Macbook was starting to crack.  This looked like the perfect solution.  It seemed to be a perfect fix, but unfortunately, it only lasted about 2 months and then it cracked.  It probably dries out over time, but this really wasn't a very long of a fix.  I haven't used it on anything since, but seeing how it didn't hold up doesn't give me confidence to want to use it again.  I wouldn't recommend it."
"I've used this on only one item -- to repair a small leak in a hard-shell kayak. It worked for me, also worked for a kayak-owning friend who used it for the same purpose. Used the directions to roll this out like modeling clay, and then applied it on both the inside and outside of the boat where the leak occurred. Last time I checked, the Sugru Web site didn't include kayak repair in the intended uses, but it works there, too. Seems like a small amount of product for the money, but it's tough to argue with such positive results."
Seems to work like it said it did.
"Works OK for some applications - like as a door bumper or replacement rubber foot on a lamp - but yo can solve these problems much more inexpensively than with sugru. I tried making a hook to hold my razor, but the cured material is too brittle and broke on the first usage."
one month to broke
"Used this to mount something to my car dash. I was shocked that it adhered, holds the weight, and so far puts up with heat. Looking for more projects to try the rest of my packets on!"
I like it
I used for a few different things around the house - worked great to put a new seal on a travel mug - not so great for the iphone cord..  it's ok..
works as advertised
"Haven't used it yet, but had to buy it after a neighbor let me borrow some- pretty cool stuff."
Great way to fix a cable. A small amount is all it takes and those little wire get back to work!
I used it to fix a cracked iPhone power cord. It cracked a week later. Useless.
Love this produce/  Mold it to what you want and let it sit overnight
Love this stuff! So many uses :)
This stuff is amazing!
"Great Product, it does the work, just follow the instructions and you are set."
"WORKS WELL, SMELLS BAD UNTIL IT SETS THEN THE ODOR IS NOT AN ISSUE. LIKE THAT IT IS FLEXIBLE TO WORK WITH AND THEN SETS UP TOUGH"
I've used this stuff mainly to customize the keys on my saxophones. It has been over a year since I put some on my alto keys and they are still intact and shows no sign of coming off. I've also used them on some minor repairs in my home.
"This stuff is awesome! Choose your sugru project carefully so that you aren't disappointed. Be aware that it does not have a lot of tensile strength. However, does a good job reinforcing and providing cushioning from some mild to moderate impacts. For some ideas on what you can use Sugru for, see
http://www.instructables.com/id/Sugru-Basics-and-Tips/"
This stuff is great. I used it on some wall wart power supplies to keep the tiny cords from breaking away from the wart.  I can see many uses for this stuff.  It works great... Just follow the directions!
Used this to level a chair. Worked great!
"I think Sugru is great, but it still does not have elastic qualities that can protect constant wear and tear (bending). I have fixed few MAC power cords with it. What I figured out is that you have to put sufficient sugru that it almost makes the wire more rigid than what it was before. My first attempt of 2mm thickness wrap around the wire failed as shown in the picture, in 1-2 weeks. The second attempt was 3-4 mm, now the wire is more rigid and it holds. Maybe an update in few months on that."
Just ok. It's only good for things that allow some flexibility like wrapping a cable. Not good when you need strong support. It will just break under a heavy load even after setting for 2 days. Way too expensive for what you get.
used it to fix my computer. works amazing and holds up great. but it does need the 24 hour drying period other wise it will just crack and fall apart!
"Awesome.  All the reviews say.

But they really need to fix the packaging. After throwing away the second packet with leftovers, wrapped as tightly as I could, it occurred to me that the only solution until they come up with one is vacuuming.  Out comes the Foodsaver and a small mason jar. Next time, this will be my experiment.  I will report again in some time, to assess how it does under a vacuum.

But they really should do something. This is not a cheap product.

UPDATE:  Vacuuming did not help us much, maybe it needs more humidity?

But it's fixed a corner on the iPad, the iPad case, all my magsafe cords (it does detach from the dongle bit after a while, but is holding well; I may reinforce with silicone tape), fixed in place the handle of the toilet bowl brush that would work with nothing, replaced nosepads on two reading glasses (awesome fit, you mold it on your nose, then smooth it with a wet finger!), and a few more I forget.

But packaging needs work.

Great job, great start up!"
"Works well, and is easy to remove without a mess or a lot of tools."
greatest stuff on earth.  you will start looking for things to fix with this stuff.  i used some to make a gasket on the back of my f250 tailgate and it has held up for 2 years now
quantity was smaller than expected
does it says and wonderful
"This stuff is awesome, but I wish it came in a squeeze tube or something so I didn't have to use an entire pouch every time I want to fix something."
"Great product, saved money repairing 4 apple damaged cables i had  The original cables cost a lot of $)"
"Works great, even in dishwasher."
"Works really well but small pouches are a one time use so once opened, you better use all.  Not hard to do since each pouch is really tiny which makes this product really expensive (about $3/pouch)."
"Dries out if you don't use it after a while.  Used it on iPhone cable and worked, good but didn't find a use for the rest of the stuff, then had to toss it."
"bad shipping, only recieved 2 of the 8 pices."
This is a top up pack for me. Have been a fan of Sugru for 3 years now. Lots of fixes!
Very awesome
"As an apartment dweller whose landlord forbids using nails in the walls and ceilings, this is invaluable for mounting heavier objects.

The downside is that it is rather expensive for eight pieces."
Very useful!!
"A tad too expensive in my opinion, but Sugru is indeed as easily applicable to situations as advertised. Be prepared to waste a few packets though - unless you're a professional plasticine modeler or something along those lines, I'd say most people will screw up their first few attempts at applying Sugru."
This is really cool stuff but you ruined an entire package when you only want a small amount. No good solution for that but the product is worth it
What isn't there to love about this product.. does everything it says it will do.. and the possibilities seem endless.. I live in Florida and one of the places I tried it was outside on a plastic chair. I will say due to the constant sun.. it came up a bit at the edge where it was thinner.. so just be sure you have it thick enough out in the sun.. I bought this for friends.. It's the best birthday gift for your fix it buddies.. I love this stuff.
"great product many uses, easy to use and quick delivery."
my new go-to fixer.  LOVE this stuff
Great Stuff
superb product.  have used it in many applictions.  Saw it in Home Depot but more options on color andcheaper here.
As always superior.
I test it!
It breaks/rips pretty easily. Didn't hold up near as well as advertised.
"Such a great product. My favorite use is fixing iPhone cables and reinforcing them before they start breaking. My next project is to re-coat my Thule roof racks and fix my wife's car key.

Note. The shelf life is a year. So don't keep this stuff around for a rainy day. Make use of it. It's too fun not too. ;)))))"
"I know the brand name ""Sugru"" is not self-explanatory and seems ""strange"".  However, do npot judge this item by its name.  This versatile substance repairs many household products.  For me, it is better than a ""super glue"".  Due to its viscosity, the repair job is quick and easy. To affix the ceramic doll's arm back to its shoulder, I would normally squeeze the liquid glue onto the broken arm's surface  and hold the doll's arm to its shoulder for five minutes.  With Sugru, I place a small amount of the thick rubber-like substance onto the arm; adhere the arm to its proper place; wait for thrity seconds; and let dry. It works like a charm on ceramics.  In addition, I have successfully used it to help hold wooden shelves in my kitchen cabinets.  You know those wooden shelves that sit precariously on those little pegs ? To add more stability, I will use a fairly big pece of Sugru on both sides of the shelf.  In other words, the shelf is now ""glued"" to the cabinet's side and is not as wobbily."
"This stuff is a lifesaver for frayed Apple cables. This time I can't really blame Apple because my puppy got to it, but it saved me buying an entirely new power brick for my MacBook Pro. My puppy has since gotten a hold of the repaired cable and Sugru is impenetrable to tiny puppy teeth! This is great and if you have a little skill (I'm getting better at it) the repair can look just as good as the original."
"Purchased sugru 8 pack from Amazon in Oct 2014.  Per recommendations on Sugru's site and on the label of the 8 pack that the shelf life of the product can be tripled by refrigeration, I put the entire pack in the refrigerator.  Fast forward to Sept 19, 2015.  The plastic on my car's wireless remote door lock opener fob broke so that I could no longer keep it on my keychain.  I pulled the sugru pack out of the refrigerator where it had been continuously for less than a year.
I discovered that the foil package for each sugru color piece was labeled ""Use by 02 Aug 2015"".  Amazon had sent me a pack that was not too fresh, as it was expiring in  9 months. Ok, so it is a month past expiration, but if refrigeraton triples the shelf life, surely it is still good.  NOT!  I opened the foil pack and the sugru was very brittle and dry.  I rolled and worked it first with my fingers into a ball, then tried to spread it over the end of the end of the remote door opener fob which I first cleaned with acetone.

The sugru was so dry that I had trouble molding it and bits of the compound would break off when pinching it.  Because it was so dry I could not smooth the surface of my repair as all the indentations from finger molding would not smooth out.

So moral of the story is that for me, the claim that you can refrigerate the stuff and use it with ""triple the shelf life"" is totally not true.  I didn't even get 1/12th extra shelf life."
"It worked great on my iPad USB.  Next, I'm going to use it on my Kindle USB cable."
"I didn't order this in time to save my last Mac notebook recharger cord but I've wrapped the new replacement cord with this stuff so I won't have to buy another. It was easy to work with, and truly  hardens like rubber."
"The nozzle on my hairdryer kept falling off and this was the perfect, easy solution because Sugru is not affected by heat. There are countless ways this product could be used. Very innovative."
"This stuff is really amazing! Plan to buy more. Works like no other repair. I just wish that there was some kind of tube that would allow for smaller uses. Perhaps there is, just need to look harder as cut-open packs do waste what you don't need. But this product is definitely The Bees Knees! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT,"
super
"Nice product, delivered promptly.  Decent value for the price."
Cool stuff.  Worth having in your cabinet for quick fixes!
Let me qualify my review by first saying I have yet to use the product. My initial impression is that I paid too much. For $20 you basically get 8 ketchup packet sizes single use packages. I am only hope that this stuff is as great as everyone says. Just be prepared for what you get.
"I used this to fix a Fitbit Charge band that started to fall apart. It worked for about a month, and then started coming up a the edges and then just completely came off. Good concept, and I'm sure it would work for other applications, but not for the reason I purchased it."
This is a fun product and works well but I most likely won't buy it again. The reason being that there are other products the function the same way but are much cheaper. This is more of a luxury product. But it works and works well.
"The implication of the product description is that you end up with something like silicone when you have finished. What you end up with is something that looks a bit like silicone, but isn't. It is not as strong as silicone. It is not as flexible as silicone. It doesn't stick as well as silicone.

It works fine as a rubber looking modelling clay, and you can do stuff like fix cables where the end is getting a bit wonky. Just don't expect that bears more than a passing resemblance to silicone.

PS. I have had much better results with home made Oogoo made from cheap silicone and corn flour.  Oogoo can be very sticky. Sugru is a lot easier to use."
"I ordered this product from Amazon to fix a crack in the steering wheel of a classic Cadillac that I own. I am no Renoir, so I did not do a great job of matching the color (light green, which meant I had to mix blue and yellow) but it was close enough. The stuff worked great. It sealed the crack and looks like it will last.

The packaging, however, is a problem. The sealant comes in small individual foil packets. Opening them is a major undertaking. Even with scissors they do not open easily. Once open, furthermore, it is very difficult to get the product--basically a high-tech play-do--out of the foils. You waste a lot of the sealer and it is not cheap. Need to work on developing some sort of a toothpaste-tube type delivery system.

Like I noted, however, the stuff is good."
Can't believe how strong this is!
Does exactly what it says.  My only concern is what it was made of.
good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
Very practical
Love it!
Works great!
It worked for a month. Then it started to come off.
"Interesting merchandise, worth time and study"
When I went to use some unopened packs I'd saved and they were hardened and unusable.
very useful and easy to use
Genius.  I think of all the things I threw away that I could have fixed with this.
I would give this product a 5 star because of how awesome it is!! I would love if sugru could send me some more!
fantasy
"I'll be honest, I was skeptical about this stuff. I thought for sure its be a sticky mess - but it's not! I fixed several of our charger cords (and even added it to the not frayed end to color code it and KEEP it from fraying). I'm digging it ;) I need to find more things to ""fix""!"
"Neat stuff! I patched up a laptop power cord with a split open outer insulator. This has held MUCH better than the electrical tape mess that I ended up with after my previous ""fix"". I'm taking off 1 star because it does seem to be only just slightly brittle. My first patch is starting to crack at a bend after a month or so. I'm going to try again thicker and see if it holds up better, or maybe I'm just asking too much of it.

Also, note that this stuff has a shelf life. Even the unopened packages can harden if not used...or so they say. I haven't had it around long enough for it to go bad yet."
"If there was any doubt, Sugru is basically magic. I have fixed more stuff with these little packets of wonder than i care to admit. I keep a stock in my toolbox now at all times."
They keep breaking. Is that normal???
"This stuff is so rad. I've used it for a couple projects thus far. It's not quite as easy to master as the videos show online, but it does get the job done and has held up well."
excellent
Great stuff!
"Excellent product, love this, I would definitely buy more ..."
Love it
Worked great to repair the cord for our computer. Saved money for sure and now cord is stronger than it was. Definitely a neat little product and easy to use.
This stuff is AMAZING.  Fixed many charging cords that were fraying.  Much cheaper than purchasing new cords - and once dried are stronger than the original cords.
"I wrapped my I phone cord and  the rubber split in a ,week. I need to used the rubber on another app and see if it works better."
"I used sugru to glue a foosball table top to a drawer to make it work like a normal foosball table. Have not actually played and banged on the table as usual, but it seems to be working (tried to move it and it sits still). The magic of sugru!!"
"I got this to repair a chipped key. Worked great. Now I have key on a ring. Ater shaping it, it set up great overnight"
Does exactly what it's designed to. So far I've used it on my headphones. Easy to apply and has been pretty durable so far. I gave some to my boss to use and she likes it also. Our only complaint is that the colors stain your fingers.
This is a wonderful product but too expensive for the small amount you're given.
I used this on the end of my Mac power cord.  Fabulous!
"Love this product, amazing delivery, thank you"
Used this on a tablet plug at work and it's perfect.
"This stuff is AMAZING! I used it to fix my Garmin 405 watch band -- it was either find a fix, or throw it away. It worked like a charm! The band is fixed, it's comfortable, and durable, and I'm just blown away by this product. I'd recommend it from the rooftops!"
"It has a dry feeling, not as putty-like as I expected from the descriptions.
We tried it in the dishwasher, on the rusty tines.
You need to use quite a bit of the putty on each one for full coverage.
The product is packaged in separate envelopes, with small amounts in each - and some of it gets wasted, stuck to the envelope.
Other than that...we'll see how this works out."
I have used the black Sugru to successfully repair a Nook power cord and the toe on a New Balance athletic shoe.
"These worked perfectly to protect the cords for my electronics, sadly though I didn't use them all before expiring and I had to throw a lot of the packages away.  Just make sure you use them on time!"
"Came on time, great product."
Great
Every day I think of new applications for this amazing stuff.
"Loved this product!!! Let's face it! We love iPhones but their earphones and chargers are cheaply made! This product worked miracles! Although if you're working in a very dusty place, your finished product will have strands of dust or fibers!  Very durable once it dries."
"Recently bought a herman miller aeron chair on craigslist for 80 bucks.
The only problem was some fraying of the threads near the seat and a small hole(detachment of threads on the back of the chair) the size of 1/4 of a dime.

What fixed it? This!
I was able to place the black Sugru on the back and front of the troubled spots, left it alone to set for 24 hours and I now have a $800+ dollar office chair for the cost of 2 Sugru packets(roughly $5.00)

This stuff when it sets is strong, flexible, doesn't stain your clothes and it a miracle product when used to combine the right materials.
Only ones I wouldn't recommend to try and bond with this product is fiberglass to plastic or wood to wood."
"This stuff is what cosplayer dreams are made of. Its absolutely brilliant, bonds damn near everything, sculpts extremely well, cures fast AND takes paint. I wish it came in bricks!!"
This stuff is awesome !!!  I have repaired so many things with Sugru.
"It's ok, but bulky. May decrease amount used next time. Not worth the $$."
Loved it at first but it broke loose when the kids yanked it out of the socket
I did the frayed iPhone cord fix on an old cord... now it is my favorite charging cord!
Works like a charm!
great stuff just wish there was more in the pack for the price one pays for it
did not work
we have used this on quite a few iPhone cords that normally we would have thrown out.  I was amazed at how it truly did harden.
This is just what I wanted! Thank you!
works perfect
"Used to put up a light weight clothes hooks. Easy to use, works well. Would order again."
"This stuff is flippin awesome, but it is definitely stiffer than I thought it would be. I was thinking along the lines of silicone caulk, but it is way sturdier than that. My main reason for that being an issue is that I thought it would make great sticky feet on things, but it actually ends up somewhat stiff and with a weird somewhat slippery feel. It definitely isn't slippery overall, but has way less rubbery stickiness than I was thinking."
Great product to have.
amazing invention. I used it to rescue my USB charging cables.
"This seemed like a life-changing product and I couldn't wait to try it. I read up on all the tips (soapy water to smooth things out, etc) before attempting a project. These did not improve matters. It was crumbly, not sufficiently malleable, and stuck to my hands or just peeled off entirely. The projects I did manage to complete (a shower hook, a bumper for my curling iron, and attaching a light piece of plastic to a wall) fell off within days. Despite having scrubbed hands, this stuff picked up even the slightest hint of dirt.
Note: contact with air starts the curing process so you have to use the whole packet each time or try one of the internet tips for rigging a makeshift container for the excess."
Love this to fix my Apple cords. Great and easy to use.
I love it!
good buy
good buy
Sugru has become a must have in my household. It works for anything and I find myself using it more often than I thought I would. It's great that it comes in different colors and that it dries so well. If you have yet to try this out then do! It's totally worth it
"Takes some practice to figure out how to prepare and clean the surface, knead the sugru and spread the stuff out, because if done improperly it tends to come off.

It works great to keep magsafe cables from breaking at either end. Just use caution, because it needs to be spread thinly along several inches of the cable, otherwise the cable will just break below where you put the sugru.

This stuff is a bit expensive, but one pack is way cheaper compared to replacing just one magsafe adapter due to broken cable. An ounce of prevention is well worth."
Handy to have around love it
"I haven't done anything complicated so far (laptop feet), but this was pretty much exactly as described."
Great
"expensive, once you open the package you have to use it up"
I used one so far to secure a laptop power cable into the laptop (was falling out repeatedly).  The Sugru was like putty - playdough and was easy to form.  Any pieces that disconnected were easy to work back into the ball like playdough.  It stuck well to the laptop and the cable was easy to form into whatever shape I chose and then over 24 hours hardened while retaining some flexibility.  Has held the cable securely for a couple of weeks now.  Am extremely happy with this!
Every household should have this stuff.  It really works.  I fixed headphones and shoes so far.
Finally got around to trying this product. I used it to repair a wicker and ceramic handle on a picnic silverware holder. There was barely any material left to attach. Glues were not working. Then I remembered this fluke purchase and went looking for it. It comes in a bunch of several different packets with individual doses of the glue stuff. I was happy about that because I didn't need a large amount. So I took the putty-like rubber and packed it into the hole at the end of the ceramic handle where the wicker attaches. After the 24 hour wait...wala it is sturdy and completely usable again. Love this product.
"I love sugru. After a while it becomes more difficult to find more things you can use it on :(
Keep it in the fridge to prolong its shelf life!"
No complaints. Product arrived as described
"Great stuff!!  I easily made a towel hook for the bathroom that works perfectly.  Now that I've made something useful, I'm seeing plenty of applications.  I'll be getting more."
"Couldn't get the product to do what it was advertised to do. Haven't given up, just didn't have success in our first attempt"
"This stuff is great! So far I've fixed an old electric cord who's rubberized outer coating was coming apart at the plug, a coffee toddy container that had a crack in it, and a plastic drip coffee container whose leg had snapped off.

*Note: The sugru I used on the toddy container has cracked now, but I think that's because we are putting pressure when we insert the cork. (The cracks happen to be on the inner rim where the cork goes through, so the sugru must not be flexible enough - or i applied it too thin - where the main pressure is exerted.) I will try to repair this again with more sugru. Other repairs have remained in tact and quite successful. I have an ongoing list of other things to patch with sugru!"
handy stuff to have around; have repaired a couple of cords that were broken where they exit the housing; a drill and a saw.  There is a shelf life to it so I am keeping it in the frig.  Check the shelf life out before stocking up on it.
"Works on everything, love this stuff, fixed a glass, uh, vase, with it, and it still works great."
"This is the coolest stuff ever!!! I was able to repair the arms on my sunglasses, that I tried everything else to repair them with.
Sugru is easy to work with and actually fun to use."
does just what it says it'll do.
"Out of 8, the sugru inside one packet had hardened. Otherwise, I love this stuff. It is very versatile."
"Absolutely fantastic. So simple, and such a universe of applications. A bit ""pricey"", but new viral/wonderful products can do that for a while. Highly recommended to those who need the glue of genius to improvise repairs, convenience remodeling, and a dozen applications waiting in your house right now!

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
Pretty cool stuff - I can't wait to try some of the fun recommendations from the video.
It work great !!!
"I LOVE this stuff!  I already fixed my messed up computer cords.  Next I'll make a knob for the AC. It broke off and I've been using pliers for 2 years!  After that, I plan on making brass handle covers for my cooking ware since the handles get so hot!  After that, can't wait to make a coat rack using old silverware I've been saving up....and then there's all the stuff one can do with magnets!  Looking forward to many rewarding experiences with this stuff!"
stuff works but expensive.
It looks like it is working like described
The cord to our GPS was starting to show the wires and the cost would have been about $100 to replace it so why not try this product. It came last week and I repaired the wire. So far we are impressed at how well is worked.
The list of things you can do with this stuff is endless!  Need to have a pack in the refrigerator at all times.
I have not used it yet but it looks good
"I got this to reinforce Apple lightning cables. Works pretty much as described. I can reinforce 2 cables at the charger end with one of the packs of Sugru. Even with clean hands as the directions suggest, it's hard to keep this stuff clean as you're molding it.  One question I have is will using this project just move the stress point further down the cable. What I mean is, the lightning cables seem to fail where the cable enters the lighting jack - will using this just move that weak point further down the cable? I suspect that the stress point near the jack is a weaker point more susceptible to be bent when a device is plugged in - time will tell. I have also found the Sugru useful in reattaching some molding in the bathroom..."
"Expensive and useless -- tried to fix a charger cable, glasses stem -- melts on your fingers, not on repaired object.  Takes an eternity to harden and then breaks right off, leaving your fingers filthy.
I wrapped the opened packets tightly, and stored the entire order in the fridge as per directions; a couple of months later, both opened and unopened packet contents were hard as a rock.  Useless, useless.  And did I mention expensive useless?"
Too pricey for it s purpose...other things comparable and much cheaper.
"Sugru belongs in everyone's toolbox. Sugru allows for tons of money-saving modifications and repairs. Some examples of what I have done with Sugru: fixed a broken refrigerator shelf, modified an old iPhone car mount to fit the iPhone 6,  and preventing cable strain on the notorious Macbook charger."
"I've been using this product for awhile. It holds great once it's cured. Great for temperature and heat resistant applications. I've used this to fix my iphone cables, but the cable itself is bad so it ends up start coming apart at the end of it. This means it does the job. There are some application that didn't work for me especially at the small area and it doesn't have alot of area to get hold of. Just pay attention to what you want to do. After all, I love this product."
"I was surprised  --- ""This stuff works great"" --"
Easy to use and like the way it fits in my hand.
"This stuff is the bomb! I had hit the nose of my jetski into the dock, as i was a newbie at it. Put a small gash/hole in it about 3/4 inch long.  Put a single pack of this on there, waited 28 hours, took it back out on the lake. So far its unphased by water, sun etc. it feels like Playdough when wet & silicone or rubber when dry. Im confident it won't shrink or peel away. It perfectly matches the jetski body color. I would have to point it out to you to see it. Its my new fav tool. TRY IT YOULL LIKE IT"
this stuff is soooo awesome - so many handy uses
This stuff is awesome - has so many handy uses
Used this to wrap my fraying macbook charger. Works great.
It held up for my broken car remote handle for about a month then it broke off again. Maybe it was too thick but a good idea.
Sugru is so cool.  Watch the videos; get creative.  Get hacky and fix stuff.
"Have to admit I was suspicious of the claims for this product, but I needed something to permanently seal a lid.  I broke the latch on the middle console in my car.  The console is elbow resting height.  My car is 10+ years and 200K+ miles.  It wasn't cost effective to replace the entire console.  I decided to seal the lid shut.  There was a bigger area immediately below with its own latch, so I wasn't really losing much space.

I had tried duct tape (the summer heat melted the adhesive.  Gorilla glue did not sufficiently hold it in place.  After some time, the broken latch worked itself free of the glue.

Finally I tried Sugru.  Easy to use.  Remove from package; roll it around in hands to activate it; place it permanently."
it's very nice and good
"I ordered this for a headphone hack and ended up having 7 packs left over. A bit much. Over the last few months I've used a few more packs for grips, cases, and cable fixes. It seems to hold up over time! But I'm worried the packs will expire before I can use them."
Good.
Epoxy putty with a twist!!!
Good item. Kinda expensive but worth it!
Love this stuff. So many uses!!!
Wonderful and so easy to use
"Quirky, but works, fixed my loose iron cord........."
"This little guy can just do it all! I've used it on laptop charger and it is flexible, tough and stays put!"
Used 2 and they work. Kinda expensive for what you get but they seem to hold up.
Works great!
"worked great on exposed wiring on USB/cellphone cord
Also used to hold up electric cord to keep it from dangling on garage ceiling."
Bought this to reinforce iPhone/iPad cords to keep them from fraying and it works like a charm!
Super!  As described and as expected.
Awesome
It works great! We repair the phone cables and they can still flex. Great buy.
stuff works pretty well pretty impressed on the bonding strength
"Great Product for DIYers.
Its like duct tape but better"
"A shelf in our RV frig had become chipped & worn at two spots where we keep our glass water container.  I know--excellent quality, right?  I applied this product to the shelf & we tested it last week during a camping trip.  I am very happy to report that it performed well.  Not only did it not fall off, there were no chips or cracks.  We are very happy with the performance of this product."
Did exactly what it says it will do.  Perfect
I love this stuff. I have used it to reattach my BMW side mirror that I knocked off when backing out of the garage!
Awesome product
"Dude, it's Sugru.  This s*** is hard to find all over the world and is treasured.  Makes great souvenirs."
I used this to stick my grabber to my walker. It worked as well expected. Two months and it's still stuck to the walker.
I fixed a broken crockpot handle and a broken microwave handle with this.  It worked quite well.
Very cool and useful product here.  I was able repair my MacBook charger instead of spending nearly $50 for a new one.  Part of my waffle makers cord was damaged and I used some sugru to patch it and it works great now.  Saved me a lot of money.
GREATEST THING EVER MADE
Did wonders in preserving my frayed usb cords - great product and easy to use. I store it in the refrigerator and it's always ready to use.
fun stuff
This stuff is completely AMAZING. Fixed my Mac power cord.
amazing
Used this over a month ago to repair my washing machine gasket that was leaking. As of now it's still holding.
It set very quickly when secured in the frig. I did put it on the cell phone cord but it cracked alot on two different cords. Put it on my hubby's middle console of his truck and didn't work. Put it on the washer handle and it did work. Not had much luck with it.
very good
"Works great, but once you open the pack, you have to use it all up. Even if you put it into a sealable bag and squeeze all the air out, it still dries out and the rest is useless."
Our puppy popped our inflatable kiddie pool in our backyard this summer and luckily the week before I had purchased Sugru.  This is a great product!  We used a little pinch of Sugru and it filled the hole and never leaked.  Note: duct tape does patch holes in an inflated kiddie pool!
"This stuff is awesome. Been looking for such a product for years. It is pricey but does jobs that nothing else can. Tired of painful barefoot stepping on screws on our dock, I covered each with a cap of Sugru.  Looks great and no more pain."
Great product
"It works as advertised and to me, that is always a good thing."
"Love this stuff, great for fixing almost anything.or creating new things"
This stuff is incredible! I used it first to reattach the plastic handle to the glass lid of my slow cooker. Worked like a charm and holds up even with the heat.
"It's a good product, but way too expensive for the little amount you get. Won't buy again."
"Does it work as advertised? YES! This stuff is amazing! I used it to repair a cable, wrapped this stuff around a pot I use in the kitchen and I made a handle for a garbage can lid that used to be electric (until the motor burnt out), now its a garbage can with a handle that I can use manually."
worked as described on a refrigerator shelf
"Love the product, immensely useful!  Only reason why I did not give more stars... needs to be bigger packaging or a tube so we can take as much as we need.  This has saved me so much in charger repairs.  Even repaired my ear buds.  I also used it to replace a plastic handle. Awesome product!"
I didn't like the stuff
"Fantastic product!  As soon as it arrived, I started fixing misc things around the house!"
Amazing
Works as advertised.  I used it to fortify a connection to my iPad.
"Fixed my USB cord and my MacBook Pro adapter cord so easily. Better than ANY kind of tape! Sugru dries to a strong, yet slightly soft plastic-like consistency. I don't know why cord manufacturers don't use something like it to strengthen joints - oh wait a minute, yes I do - because the cords wouldn't break as easily and we wouldn't have to buy new ones so often. You don't get a lot of product in each packet but definitely enough  I used a whole packet to fix my computer adapter and another pack to fix two USB cords (see photo). Will save me lots of money in the long run."
"Not sure this lives up to the hype. I've tried the cellphone protection, fixing a plate, and trying to hold up a decoration - all failed"
"The product works great, but the price is really absurdly high. If the company would just double what you get for your money then I think a lot more people would use it every day. As it is, I use it sparingly and don't experiment with it as much as I could."
Used this to make palm key risers for my saxophone's left hand palm keys. I get a much better fit and the Sugru has a plenty long open time to mold it and get it just right before it starts to cure. Really happy with the result.
It works!  Have only used it for one project though.  Attached a terra cotta saucer to the top of Hanging Bird Feeder Pole.  It hasn't moved.
"Fantastic and versitile material, it can be used on just about anything that does not have to provide support."
"Just rescued my second failed Macbook Pro Retina cord.  Thank you!  Much funner than buying a product you already paid for, not to mention best to extend the life of things rather than just toss and replace, in our disposable society.

Also, kids love this stuff.  Some Sugru and some instaMorph can solve little household problems quite well, and keep kids entertained and solving their own little problems, or lets them use their imagination."
The new duct tape...wow!
"Great, just what i expected. Use it for my phone, protects it well. Already dropped it a few times. Absorbs shock better than a phone case"
"I bought to repair a few of my iPhone cables that were coming frayed at the connector spots. This stuff was pretty easy to use, though not as easy as the product video makes it look. The consistency is somewhat firmer (and stickier) than play-dough. Once I left it to set, it firmed up and remained bendable as promised. It worked great for repairing my cables, and I have a few other ideas of what I can use it for."
"So many projects and repairs, sugru is saving items I'd otherwise be throwing away. It's also holding my boots insoles down fantasticly."
I used it to repair my Apple charging cords which were starting to fray at the ends. You have thirty minutes to mold this product into the shape that you want. It then sets into a rubbery substance that remains flexible. I'm anticipating that I'll be able to find many more uses for it.
Best thing ever.
"neat stuff, works exactly as advertised."
"Love it, very practical."
Great item and service.
Perfect!
"So I bought this after extensive research and reading reviews. I had a few things to fix and thought this would be the perfect fix. I first tried it on a leaky kitchen faucet. The faucet had cracked on the plastic handle so I took it apart, dried it 24 hours, cleaned the cracked area with alcohol and dried for another 24 hours. The Sugru was faily easy to use. Cured for 48 hours and the leack was simply smaller and when i rubbed the sugry to see if it stuck, it simply came off in pieces. Second fix was a plastic face plate that broke off at the screws that hold it into place that belongs to a kitchen air fryer. All that was required was adhering the screw tabs to the plate and it seemed to mold quite well. After a couple of days, again they fell off when I gave them a soft wiggle to see how strong they adhered. Third fix, my wife's iphone charging cable was cracked near the end. Just like in the Sugru pictures Tried to mold white sugru around the cable. It looked pretty for a week because now the sugru itself cracked with normal use....si now I need Sugru to fix the Sugru?  I am dissapointed that this stuff does not work on plastics as well as I thought it would because nowadays, what breaks that isn't plastic?  Would I buy this again? No. I regret buying it as it has been a costly trial and error adventure with this stuff. I will stick to my wife's glue gun or Gorilla glue as they are not as costly to use."
"I was so excited to use this product. I had a bad reaction to the sugru. It burned my hands for a few hours even after washing with soap and water. Nothing helped; not pain pills nor  burn salve and the sugru if not smoothed and applied correctly will just dry weird. i called sugru and the rep was polite and said some people do get allergic reactions like mine and to discontinue using the sugru and said  she would ""tell the team"". There was no resolve for me the customer, she was like, 'what else would you like me to do?'. I was thinking maybe give me back my money?"
"I have a few cable holder that falls out of my desk where i use to stick them to
I had try double side tape and glue gun and they always just fall right out if there is any force on it
Try this on and it seems to make item stick well

I also use this to hold a computer fan on the place I want or even make the old broken pin on the wall with a hook (wrap this thing on the broken pin on the wall)

Love it!"
All good!
"Love this stuff!!! So many uses, check out their website for some awesome inspiration. Wish I had a ton of it. No, more than that!"
"Sugru is an amazing, easy to use and very versatile product which allows you to shape and form the silly-putty consistency product into whatever shape you need and then have that product set up into a soft non conductive rubber. Have a door that rattles against the frame when the AC kicks on? Create some sugru bumpers. Broke the arm of your favorite coffee mug? Sugru up a new handle (or use it to repair the old one). Sharp corner on a table/desk catching clothing when you brush past? Sugru up a custom rubber bumper. Have some brake cables on your bike that keep rattling around? ... Well you get the idea. Sugru is a key enabler of being able to renew, repair, reuse, repurpose, and improve the stuff you already have.
One of my fixes: Had a camping spork (injection molded plastic) which snapped at the halfway mark. Sugru'd it back together. Been using it as part of the daily utensil rotation for months now and it has held up to repeated dishwasher cycles and all the regular use that caused the original failure."
It works great!
"I don't remember my life before Sugru. Yes, actually I do -- I tossed out many broken plastic appliances!  Now I have the remedy for those chipped or otherwise useless plastic bits -- Sugru! It works wonders, and the odor is absolutely intoxicating! Check out www.sugru.com for photos and videos of creative uses for this amazing product."
I used this on the end of my fraying charger cord. Working fantasticly!
This stuff is cool. I have used it on my iPhone cable because i go through them like bottles of water. They are always pulling away from the lighting jack. I used the white to wrap around my cord and now i can hang from it just about and it stays solid. I also used one for make an incense holder. I'm so creative I can't stop making rubber stuff for my house.
My Monster Strive earbuds had a missing medium earpiece. The small fell out and the large was too big. Replacements were unobtainable. So rather than junk them I used Sugru (in blue!) to build up the small earpiece to the size and thickness of the missing medium. Twenty four hours to cure and the Monster Strive was reborn!
Just awesome product!!
Love this stuff! I've been using it on my iPhone cords As long as you read the directions and clean everything thoroughly before hand it works like a charm
So one day I was just sitting around wishing they would invent something so I could repair the charging cords for my electronics that have become frayed - and then all of a sudden a commercial comes on for these amazing strips! I have put them on all the chargers (even the ones that were not damaged) as a safeguard...and it is working out beautifully.
I perchiss'dit. I am very pleased.
Very quick delivery of an item that arrived exactly as described. And I *love* this stuff. I have used it for all manner of repairs and modifications around the house.
"Sugru takes practice to use well, but its a fantastic product."
Love this stuff!  Used to to fix a couple iPhone charging cords and my husband made a grip for some stainless steel pliers he uses for fishing.  I just ordered another package so that I have it handy the next time something comes up.  Works perfectly!
great product
"I've been using it for years, and it solves all kinds of connection problems. I always have some handy."
"Everything I have used this on has worked.  I would HIGHLY recommend it!  To name a few things I have fixed: A piece of carpet which was nailed into concrete had been detached for years...preventing me from being able to shut our laundry room door easily.  I put some down between the carpet and concrete and laid something heavy on it overnight.  By morning it was fixed and that was over a month ago.  We also had a drop cord that was coming apart at the end...we could put electrical tape on it, but it didn't stay on well.  The Sugru fixed it right up...no problems with it since.  There were also a few place where we used it as a bumper...we have a cabinet door that opens up into the side of our microwave.  I stuck a little piece on the side of the microwave to keep it from scratching the cabinet door when it gets opened too far...also on some book cases that a closet doorknob sometimes hits when it's opened too quickly.  The great thing about Sugru is that it doesn't have to be permanent.  You can peel it off, if at some point you decide you don't want to use it where you put it.  I saw it for sale at Lowe's for the first time last week.  They had a pack of three (one black, one red, one white) for about $10.  It's definitely a better deal on here.  Just be sure and put it in the refrigerator for longevity and don't buy more than what you think you would use in the next 6 months.  It needs to be used fairly quickly for best results."
"I used Sugru on both bigger and smaller projects. For smaller projects, 1. the paint on my glasses arms were chipped off, and repeated contact with it caused inflammation on my skin. I covered the glasses arms with a thin layer of Sugru, and it took care of the problem. It was a lot harder than I thought to apply a very thin layer of Sugru on metal though. Smearing Sugru through a layer of plastic wrap helped. 2. I fixed a couple of cables with Sugru, which is fairly easy. The bigger project is a shower improvement. The shower in my room has only hot water, and it gets really hot in the summer. I'm a renter, and my landlord doesn't want to deal with the shower. My only option is to somehow turn the sink into shower, but still be able to use the sink when I'm not showering. The problem is I couldn't find proper adapter for shower to fit the faucet. But then with Sugru, I don't have to have the perfect size of the adapter. I used Sugru to connect a 3/4 to 1/2 adapter to the faucet. So now I can connect the shower to the faucet when I need it, and remove it when I don't need it. All in all, in my opinion, Sugru would be perfect if there's a way to store opened but unused Sugru for later."
"This product is amazing. I fix everything from my dishwasher rack and furniture to my granddaughter's shoes. Whenever anything breaks, I immediately think of Sugru. It is fabulous!"
It cannot mend anything.
"Great product for fixing just about anything around the house. I have a cook top, and the little rubber feed keep on falling off. The manufacturer (Viking), wants $8 each for the little rubber feet, but with a little Sugru, I made my own for far less."
Super product but expensive!
Awesome product
Very pleased A plus
Easy to use. Fixed a shoe heel that my dog chewed
"I  bought  this  for  a  specific  jobto  make  a  bumper  for  the  side  of  the  steering  column  of  my  car  so  the  keys  would  stop  whacking  annoyingly.  But  this  stuff,  it  emits  mind-control  rays  that  had  me  (and  still  have  me)  dreaming  up  all  kinds  of  other  uses  for  it.  Shirts  on  hangers  no  longer  fly  off  my clothes  drying  rack  in  the  wind  now  because  I  put  little  ridges  of  Sugru  on  the  rack's  bars.  My  screwdrivers  and  pliers  have  ergonomic  EZ-grip  handles  now.  A  very  expensive  Nikon  camera  remote  control  receiver  not  only  no  longer  needs  replacement  due  to  a  frayed  cable  cord,  but  the  repair  is  completely  undetectable.  I  will  soon  need  (and  get)  more!"
"We used this to repair our cracked hard shell suitcase, and it's withstood numerous trips since then. It's amazingly strong and sturdy."
"This stuff is great. I ran across a mention of it on a DIY web site and promptly ordered some so I could see for myself. It is very easy to use, similar to Play-Doh or modeling clay in feel before it sets, but still slightly flexible like stiff rubber after it sets. Once you have some, you start finding uses all around your house for it - custom anti-slip feet for equipment or figurines; repair for a computer cord that is pulling out of its housing; creating a permanent lip to keep a plate or picture from sliding off a shelf; put a dab on a house key to color-code the key; create a tiny bumper on the mail box lid so it doesn't slam shut with a bang; mold a custom grip around a pen or tool so it is easier to hold - the list is endless. It easily cleans off your fingers when you're done. It ships in small foil or mylar packets. Once you open a packet, you do have to use or dispose of everything in the packet, as once it dries, it can't be reconstituted or reshaped for other purposes."
"Absolutely great, a discovery in terms of versatile fixing glues, if you can call it a glue. Fixed my frayed cables, broken figurines and that's only the start!"
I love this stuff. I've used it to fix an old Key Fob (where the buttons wore away after a few years). It fixed my laptop charger. I used it on a science project. Great stuff.
Very easy to use and creates a durable slightly flexible bond. Very expensive for the amount of glue you get.
"We have used this product to repair damaged luggage
And have had great results."
"This works great and I have used it several times.  I wish it did not spoil so quickly....a year is a long time but you won't be using this every day.  I am storing mine in the fridge but even so it appears I ""overbought""..."
"We use this stuff on all our new iPhone charging cables.
Use a nail file to scuff up surface, then mold a tapered stress relief. There's enough material in each 5g packet to do 2. Cords last much longer, and are easier to pull out."
"buy this if you have projects to use it on, it doesn't stay good for long, and most of mine ended up self curing before I got around to using it."
"SUPER GREAT STUFF, LOVE ALL THE COLORS, WILL ORDER MORE SOON."
Great product for saving those expensive Apple lightning cable.  For what the product is the margins must be outstanding
"The morons who lived in my house previously ""installed"" a furnace, but neglected to put a silicone gasket in at the exhaust, causing a leak. When the exhaust cooled down, the water would leak down the front and into the furnace instead of into the drain pipe. There was a lot of rust. I used about 6 packets of this stuff where the silicone gasket should have been, and it worked very well. It stopped the weird smell, and there's no new water. I will have to replace the furnace because of the improper installation of the furnace, but this extended the life of it so I can afford a very energy efficient one, instead of just going for a cheaper one.
My boss has also used it in a bathroom to fill in a gap that water kept getting into, and to fix a door that no longer latched.
It has many purposes, I highly recommend!"
"Consistency of play-doh. There are eight packs: 4 white, 4 black. You can mold and shape it to fit your needs, and after a few hours (I think it says 24 hours, but it starts curing and you lose the ability to adjust it much more quickly than that) it cures. Unless the Sugru you're using is a perfect color match, it stands out garishly. I tried fixing cracks in my headphones with these... kinda worked, but looked very ugly. I also tried to fix the casing of my in-ear monitors. This substance was less than ideal for that. I think I would have been better off in both cases using a solder to make sure the connections were good, super gluing the cracked portions back, and then smattering some of this inside the crevasses to even out the surface. For that, an 8 pack of this was unnecessary. Also, I tried storing the unused portion in a ziplock bag, but it cured/dried out anyway. Seems like you need to use the contents of an entire packet otherwise you lose it."
none
none
not as big in person as the picture but shipped fast thanks
Love this product! Can do lots with it.
Make sure you have multiple projects planned out as this stuff will harden in any environment...
"I bought this primarily for ""bumpers"" on the corners of my cellphone.  I've not dropped it so it's not been tested there.  Rather than waste the opened packet I pulled the duct tape off the arm rest on my otherwise perfectly good leather desk chair.  It was a cracked mess.  So far, this has been a perfect fix - and is a lot more comfortable to rest an arm on than duct tape."
did not hold up as well as it claims. i fixed a plastic remote with it and it broke within a week
"I bought this to fix my headphones, which had a quickly loosening connection.  While it does wrap around the cord and dry into a pretty solid plastic lump, it doesn't really seem to ""glue"" itself to the cord in any way, so it didn't provide any support to push/pull action, just helped to keep it non-bending.  I suppose if that's what you're looking for here, that's great.  In the end my headphones still ended up breaking."
I'd love it more if it came in brown and green.
"I have used it for my chair backrest to prevent it from scratching the wall, all felt protectors were falling off. Now, Sugru doesn't fall off but it colors the wall as I've used a black piece(( makes no sense to me to use it anywhere except for broken wires. They need to use a coloring agent which is not transferred so easily."
"Super interesting stuff.

I highly recommend getting a package for your toolbox.
I've found all sorts of uses for sugru.  My favorite was attaching the bell in just the right spot for my thumb on my bike. I took a leap of faith and cut the loop off of the bell, Sugru is holding it on super tight."
Fantastic stuff.
Fantastic stuff.
I love this stuff but i was disappointed when i wasted two packs trying to get it to stick to the wall.
"Pretty cool stuff, I need to find more uses for this.  I wish just black was easier to come by though."
great
Not great
This is good stuff
"I purchased an 8 pack of assorted colors September 22, 2014 for $22 (Prime) because I was convinced it would be useful for many types of repairs. I stored the package in an unlit area with an average temperature of about 67F).  Yesterday (May 28, 2015) I opened the first package (black) to repair a broken part from a lawn tractor.  The packet content was fully cured and unusable.  The label states ""USE BY 02 AUG 2015"".  There is no way to determine how long the contents of this packet might have been usable, but it is a fact that this packet was unusable eight months from the date of purchase.  The $22 cost is not the isssue - shelf life is not as claimed.

Thanks to youtube instructions, I was able to repair the tractor part with a do-it-yourself substitute - a mixture of silicone calk and baking soda."
The repairs to a tractor seat and wires / plug intersection were better than expected.
"Magic stickiness. There's always little things that need fixing, or could use a little help, and Sugru has always been able to do the job. Every time I run out I manage to find another 4 or 5 jobs to use it for, so I'm glad amazon now has it available."
"Did not work to repair rubber bellow in our front loading washer that had a cut in it.  Had read a couple of reviews that it would fix it, but it fell off after the first use.  We followed the directions, and put on multiple coats. Tried it again and it still leaked. Bummed, as it would have been way cheaper than the $200 it's going to cost to replace the seal."
Great stuff! Saved us from replacing our second Apple laptop charging cord!
"Great stuff but very expensive.  I hesitate to use it because of its cost, which is around $2.50 for a little package roughly the size of a restaurant ketchup pack.

But other than that it's pretty cool.  For example, I just repaired a roof shingle that eventually will need replacing, but for now Sugru was a great fix."
"excellent product, smells like wasabi. I would like to have bigger portions of product per envelope."
"Bought the 8 pack, all are hard and unusable. Great idea, great marketing, great packaging; other than that it is garbage!"
"Very cool product - I used it to bolster the ends of my iPad charging cord, where it was getting weaker. Just smeared it on and let it dry - a lot like play-do consistency. Hoping to be able to save the rest to use later for another project."
"This rubber is simple to use and is really strong! There are so many things you can fix/repair with this rubber. All you have to do is get creative.
Here is a list of a few things I have used Sugru for:
-Added higher nose pads to my glasses so they fit better and no longer slide down
-The attachment to my gas cap broke so I repaired it and attached it back on -- works perfectly now!
-Part of the plastic to my laundry machine handle broke off so I secured it back on with Sugru
-Repaired my iPhone charger cables
-Made tiny hooks on my bathroom mirror to hang necklaces"
many uses and works great
"Sugru works great, I've fixed a hand full of things around the house by using Sugru.  I wish it was a little cheaper but nonetheless it's a great product."
LOVE THIS STUFF
"This is quite expensive. I gave it as a stocking stuffer at Christmas and my husband hasn't used it yet. I will have to remind him to try it out, because the package says it has a 6 month shelf life. So even though Sugru is promoted as something to keep around because ""you never know when it might be useful,"" if you aren't living with a dedicated DIY person you might better buy it when you need it."
I LOVE THIS. if you are a tinkerer this is for u!
Great item!  Great seller!
"Sugru fixes everything! I use this stuff all the time now. My shower caddy was tension-style and kept falling - Surge fixed it.

I did that Pinterest thing where you mount a tension pole horizontally and put your spray cleaners on it. Of course the tension pole didn't hold up to the weight of the cleaning products - added Sugru and it worked!

The little rod on the hinge of my trashcan always slid out - I put two globs of Sugru on either side and now it stays in place.

I made a lamp and wasn't sure how to connect the plastic to metal - caulk didn't work - Sugru did.

You will find a million little uses for this product. I bought a multipack in black and white. Next up - colors!"
Great product & transaction...
Incredible stuff
"Bought a pack of this a couple o f years ago, and within a few months, still packed and unopened, it turned solid."
I needed to shore up a cord connection.  Done.  Now I'm tapping my fingers and looking around....
Great stuff. Used on couple projects. One was on a phone cradle that my S4 just didn't sit well and connect properly. Used Sugru to help fill in the gaps so it sits properly. Worked great! I had some left over and put some in a snack size ziplock and some in a vacuum sealed bag. the on in ziplock hardened and the other is still moldable ready for my next project. I do not recommend ziplock for storage.
this is GREAT
"Fixed my bose earbud wires that were falling apart. It looks like hell, but I don't care. I'm married anyway. I just want the good sound."
Love this stuff
How cool is this stuff?  We use for a medical device and have found many uses outside the reason for buying.  It is like adult silly putty but completely functional.
"Repaired shoe. Normal wear has created holes in soles of rather nice Italian shoes. Replacing soles or regular repair would change sensation of smooth flexible touch. I have considered that if tires can be fixed, why not to try to do the same with Sugru. One small package was sufficient to fill holes in each shoe. No change to sensation when walking. No hole. Hurrah!"
"Great product, love it. If only they were cheaper...."
"I used it to fix a light fixture and just as described, it worked!!"
"Nice product, received quick."
This is such an AMAZING product.  I purchased it originally to repair a cracked piece of hardside luggage.  I fixed that and it is now better than new!  I then was able to fix a wine holder that I was going to throw away but now it is stronger than it was before and PERFECT!  I love this stuff!!!
Got a set of car keys with the big plastic knob at the top?  Are they broken?  Can't tape them.  Can't glue them.  Use Sugru! Love this stuff!
I was pleasantly surprised by how well this product works and how easy it is to use.  Very clever invention!
Sugru is magic.
Haven't tried it yet but looks like exactly what I was searching for
"Neat Stuff, many uses!"
"Sugru is everything they say it is.  It fixed my vegetable basket in my refrigerator and saved me a ton of money.
It adheres, molds to the surface and dries.  The product can/t be beat. Sorry I didn't know about this sooner."
"This has so many applications it isn't even funny I made a custom bolt knob for my .22bolt rifle and then stippled it before it dried it made it amazing.
The things you can do are limited only by your imagination and the rules of how it works. Mix yellow with black to make FDE."
This is amazing stuff.... Watch youtube for great ideas
This stained my fingers and was difficult to work with.
"It's amazing stuff,when it cures it is strong and smooth. Because of Sugru I now will brush up on my sculpting  skills."
"This stuff is great. I keep a list of projects to use it on, so I don't waste any."
Simply put - too expensive for what it is.
Isn't as easy to work with as I expected and the result was a little brittle even after 24 hours of setting. It took nearly 60+ hours for it to harden enough that I could rely on not breaking it. After two attempts of using this product on different applications I haven't really considered this a permanent fix and as a temporary fix it seems to take too long to cure. Though this product may find a really neat use and will update if I find it.
Worked for what I needed it for.
use latex gloves when handling this stuff. it is basically some type of material that hardens into plastic after drying. they roll it around in printer toner ink and this stuff stains easily.
"Like Play-doh for adults. ""Sure honey -- I'm fixing something. Really!"". 15 minute pot time (30? not quite!) keeps you moving. I stack up a few projects to use the piece. And the kids get leftovers. I keep finding little dinosaurs around the house."
"Fast, neat, friendly, Good, Good"
This stuff works great have used this on several electronics cables that were showing signs offending thru works just like they say
Easy to use. I just used two of them to replace a worn out crutch tip.  Sure easier than searching aisles in a hardware store trying to locate a tip;
where has this stuff been all my life. used it to adhere some outside door trim on my volvo stuff take a while to set but will not come off.
"This stuff is neat! I have used it to reinforce Apple Lightning cables on their last legs, but there are so many other uses I am excited to try."
It cracked after one week.
Does everything it says it can do - BUT it stinks. It smells so bad my memory can smell it.
This stuff is awesome! Had a fridge door handle that needed fixing and a dryer filter pull.  Both items were no longer available. This stuff fixed it and saved me $$. Easy to work with and mold!
Used this to reinforce charger cables before they get broken. Holds up well with manhandling by teenagers. Also used to cover a car charger cable that worked but had lost its housing. Worked like a charm when used as directed.
ok
buy lots of this. you'll find uses for it.
"I used this product to repair my prescription sunglasses. The rubber coating on the ear pieces had come off so I got some black Sugru and roughly molded it on the ear pieces. Once it cured I took my Dremel and ground down the rubber to it's final shape. Worked like a charm...easy to shape, min.smell, and easy to wash off your hands. The last test will be how durable this product is. I'll update my review in a month or so."
"Very quick delivery and useful item, no such product in the Philippines..
Easily saleable.

Would definitely buy again"
"Very quick delivery and useful item, no such product in the Philippines..
Easily saleable.

Would definitely buy again"
"I was excited to receive this product as I had some nice (and expensive) waterproof hiking boots that had developed a crack along the upper toe portion, rendering them not so waterproof. After researching a bit online, I came upon the Sugru website that showed how to repair this exact problem.  I used the product as it suggests and blended it into the crack and around it, and the repair looked wonderful- you couldn't even tell the boots had a crack in them. I waited a few days before wearing the boots so that the Sugru could cure, as it is suggested.  I put them on to go for a hike in the woods and sadly, the repair failed- the Sugru cracked in the exact same spot. It was kind of fun to try to repair them, and although I am disappointed that this produce didn't work for this purpose, it may work for other things. I might use up the rest of the Sugru just fixing the plugs and wires where the insulation has been abraded or chewed on a bit by my pets. Not a horrible product, but I was hoping it would work for what I used it for."
It has been great for creating bigger grip for family member with carpel tunnel. Product works as advertized.  I am sure I will purchase more in future.
"Sugru is amazing. No competitor can hold a candle to sugru's abilities. Sure, it's expensive, but it's worth it. If something fails on you, customer service is incredible. I love it. Will keep repurchasing."
product works very well. Very happy
Was expecting this work much better
"Very cool stuff
I used it to make wire harness for my quadcopter and to mount all of the electronics
It holds awesome
And you can mold/shape it into whatever you need and it will hold that.
Works well as a shock absorber too
You can use it for just about as many things as duct tApe. It is the 21st century duct tape!
It's awesome for anything that has sharp edges, it will cover it and protect you, or on hard surfaces that contAct each other, it will act like a shock absorber"
This stuff is awesome!  I bought it to put around the ends of my apple charging cords.  My family goes through so many cords and I heard that if you put some around the ends it keeps them from getting weak.  The stuff works!
"I have used Sugru before and found it very useful. I have repaired a couple of extension cords with it and also mended several cracked or broken things made of plastic. It has lasted for over a year now on an outside cord without any sign of deterioration. It is a bit expensive and have found that if flexibility is not needed, J B Weld epoxy putty works very well for many repairs and is a lot cheaper. J B is only available in black. I find it is handy to have both on hand for different mending needs. Sugru is a very good product."
It's nice drys quick but leaves finger colored and a little to sticky
"Pop quiz, hot shot! You've got a frayed charging cable for your iDevice, do you

a) repair with electrical tape
b) buy a new cable
c) Sugru it

I'm happy to say I chose option c.  In fact, reinforcing your cables with this stuff the bat is the way to go.  The cables still bend. But they don't fray.

Lots of other cool uses, once you use it, you'll find yourself thinking of all sorts of projects that would be perfect for it."
DIY must have
Stuff was like messing around with dry hard putty. Did not stick to itself or the item i was trying to apply it to. Ended up using tape to fix the item instead.
Great stuff.  Not sure what all uses it may have.
"I got this as a present for my dad, he likes fixing and customizing things. Works great"
"Bought this product to reinforce the ends of my apple cords, ended up coming in super handy when I was traveling and water hose in car sprung a leak. Applied product to hose and overnight while he was at hotel the product cured and became stronger then the OEM hose or any clamp we could've bought. I did also use it to reinforce my phone cord, also applied to my moms house key because she's got bad arthritis in hands."
Works as advertised. Don't plan any projects that will use more than 1 1/2 oz.
Worked well for fixing my Macbook Air power cable.
"Really disappointed with this product. I read the instructions thoroughly and followed it to a tee. I bought it for one specific reason and it didn't work at all. Really bummed, I feel like I wasted my money."
I love this stuff! I use it to cover open electrical connections. And it's great for attaching things to different surfaces. It has so many uses!
Great Sugru pack to make grey and silver colors.
"This stuff is great! I use it often to protect iPhone and other cables that tend to split over time. It may seem strange at first, but it really does hold well."
"I fixed two things the day it arrived, my wrought iron garden gate had a nick from a saw that you can no longer see, and my iPhone case had a nick,
The next day I saved a standup grater that the plastic top was cracked and coming off. Works like new."
"Not as durable as I had hoped. I mostly got this to fix a key that had broken loose where it clipped onto the key chain. I superglued the piece back together and then wrapped it up in sugru after it dried. It held up just a couple of days before peeling off and falling off my keychain again. Worked well for patching up my dishwasher rack, though, and a couple of other small projects around the house. Most everything I thought of to use this for either seemed frivolous or could have been done with electric tape, glue, or traditional silicone. Check out the sugru homepage for ideas on things you could make with it, but keep in mind that, although they promote it as a miracle product, it does have some limitations."
"Super cool idea, but falls short of expectation big time. Used as the directions stated, found that it is not as strong, nor pliable as described. Tried fixing and mending quite a few things around the house, let cure for 24+ hours to find it will bond to surfaces etc, but not for long. For example: making a new small nob for a window closing crank. After curing 24 hours I attempted to test it out. It fell off after 2 turns, didn't bond well at all. Next I tried reinforcing a loose and wobbly door hook and latch, found the same problem to be present, however it is still working. Just still loose in the screw hole a bit. I have 3 pouches left, so I will try another task with different variables in the near future and update my findings. So far really not impressed :("
"This is the second pack I have Purchased. I used some of it on an umbrella because the tip broke off one of the edges and it as my favorite one, Surgu held through wind, torrential rain, hot sun, and snow.  I've used it on dishes and it sticks even after using in the microwave and dishwasher."
"Cracks as soon as it bends, waste of money"
WOW! This is some neat stuff! Works great!
"This stuff works very well. I used it to make a custom phone holder in my car, and it absolutely worked. It stuck to the plastic dashboard no problem. When I sold the car, it was able to peel off with minimal discoloration. It took 2 packets to do it, so this isn't much cheaper than just buying a phone holder, but certainly cooler. The fact that there is a shelf life and it comes in such tiny amounts makes it tough for me to use a lot, if it were half the price I'd buy it all the time.... Maybe something for the manufacturer to consider..."
This is awesome. Do follow the instruction to leave it for 24 hours. Those ones that I didn't follow have to be done again.
"Wow, super cool stuff. pricey, but worth it. i used it to repair liner pans for ferret cages- bought three new cages last month, every one arrived with broken pans. Sugru worked like magic- super quick fix while waiting for replacement pans. actually worked so well I didn't even request a replacement for the folding cage - just used sugru to reinforce the other corners as well. Now its actually better than new. plan on doing it to all plastic liners from now on"
"I bought this based upon positive reviews I read elsewhere figuring that I'd buy it and use it when I needed it. I share part of the blame here for not examining the individual packages right when I got them but I didn't realize the product had an expiration date. When I went to use the Sugru tonight I was surprised to find that there was an expiration date as well as all eight packages (all previously unopened and in the original container) had dried out to the point where they were unusable.

When buying bananas at the store I don't have the expectation that they'll keep forever. When buying a product from Amazon that I'll use someday to fix something in a pinch I liked to think that it'd be ready when I was. Not the case here, unfortunately."
saw this stuff on tv it is truly magic
"I bought it because my cell phone chargers always pulls apart and I have to buy new ones.  I used the product,  followed instructions,  but was not able to heal that break. Maybe I will put it on the new chargers to see if that will keep cord it from pulling away from. I have not used it for anything else yet."
Sugru is fantastic
"Great, great product! Does all it sys it will and more. Will definitely buy more! Will recommend to anyone who will listen!"
"stuff is so useful, i don't even know where to begin. my first project was heat proofing some aluminum lids and they work great."
Works well.
"just what I expected, works great!"
Very satisfied with purchase
Very good hold. Did the job I wanted. My sculpture skills leave much to be desired. Still I look forward to using more sugru.
This is an awesome product it was just by sheer chance I discovered it on the internet it does exactly what I wanted it to do. Awesome buy you will not be dissapointed
"I purchased this for my dad and brothers for Christmas one year, and have come back to purchase it again and again.  It fixes anything and everything!  We love this and use it to fix headphone cords, door handles, and more.  The kids bring beloved toys and slightly damaged favorites to  us so we can fix it rather than get rid of it!"
"The GOOD: multiple colors, malleable, turns into a ""hard rubber"" on curing (not a plastic, still slightly soft, like a basketball), gives you the chance to fix things in the ""plastic"" world with more than just glue and hope.

The BAD: once you open a packet, it's use it or lose it.  For most applications, this is just fine -- they give you ball of the stuff about the size of half a man's thumb ... but if you are looking to use it for something small (e.g. I've seen people suggest using Sugru to refill numbering on appliance knobs that have worn clear), then you're frantically looking for other places to apply this stuff before the whole ball cures and you have to throw it away.

The VERDICT: this is nifty stuff and definitely does what it promises -- if you smush it around a wobbly plastic part, it will become a solid rubber boot to support that part.  When you look to use a packet, either prepare to toss the extra, or line up all your jobs at once and do them in the 30+ minutes you have - not difficult.

HELPFUL SUGGESTION: if you're repairing something visible, get a razor blade or other flat piece of metal to help shape the putty (and maybe a spoon for curving).  Otherwise, your fix will look like a blob of colored silly putty, complete with thumb prints."
Our first use for this product was our dishwasher. Did not hold long. But the repair area is on the bottom rack and it is hard area to repair. It may have been beyond repair.
as advertised... works great
This is the best invention to make repairs! Already saved my hundreds of dollars!
"This stuff is amazing.  I tried it after reading about it in a tech magazine.  It was mentioned as one of the top 25 new technologies of the 21st century.  It is very cool but expensive.  However, you can almost pay for it after one use if it saves a iPhone charger cable."
"Worked great, we followed the directions on the website and repaired several things including power cables. It worked as stated. Will buy again."
"I love this stuff, a must to keep on hand for any Diy project.  Form fixing glasses to radiator switch amazing"
"This is handy stuff to have around. Once dry it has a rubbery feel and texture to it. So it works well to create grips or bumpers.

Just be aware it has a shelf life (which seems fairly short). It'll dry out. Putting it in the fridge extends this, but you still need to use it within a couple of months. So you might want to buy a small sample until you know what/when/how you'll use it."
"This stuff works great, so I can't fault it there.  My only fault is the price.  I'd use it all the time, but find myself thinking:  ""Is it worth spending my Sugru on""?  Seriously.  If this stuff were $.25 a pack, it would be all over my house."
"Purchased Sugru after some research and I love it!  Used it to around tablet and nook cords to prevent and breakage, used it around earphones to re-enforce any strain areas, used it to mount Lego superman to bedside table to hold phone cord at ready and then re-in forcehone cord and make a collar to use in removing cord from phone. After all that decided to tackle the top rack of dishwasher where the plastic fittings had w allowed out causing rack to fall if anything heavy was placed in it. Had to allow twenty four hours but now the top rack works like it should or maybe better for the first time in three years. I never knew what to use. I had tried a couple of waterproof fixative that lasted about 1 week. Now I feel confident it is fixed forever. This stuff is impressive, I would recommend it to anyone, I keep mine in a sealed tin. Use toilet p aper to get it off your hands when you use colors, not water!"
"The coloring in the black rubs off and will stain whatever you are using this on. That may not matter much, depending on what you are doing, but is annoying and it makes creating a clean look harder. I think I prefer the white as it doesn't have this issue."
"Short version: it's a great product.

Longer version: I bought it to do some camera customizing. Like most digital cameras, mine is not supplied with a proper sort of eyecup. It has a low-profile slip-on eyeguard that does not block stray light from the viewfinder. I was able to make an older-style -- much more effective -- eyecup by taking a surplus rubber eyecup from a camera of a different make and using Sugru to bond the rubber part to the X-T1's slip-on eyepiece. I did two applications -- the first to adhere the eyecup to the eyepiece, and the second a day later to build up the Sugru to a greater thickness. With the second application cured, success: The two parts might as well have been manufactured as a single piece. (For this to work properly, you must cut out a notch on the inside of the rubber eyecup so that the X-T1's eye-sensor isn't blocked. But a typical eyecup is made with rubber soft enough to be trimmed easily with an X-Acto blade.)

Then I used the leftover Sugru to build up a rubberized coating around two non-rubberized knobs on a tripod ballhead. Un-rubberized, they were kind of difficult to tighten and loosen. This isn't ideal because Sugru isn't all that ""springy"". That aside, the knobs are much easier to use than they were before the Sugru treatment.

I plan further customizing by using Sugru to build up some of the camera's rear buttons, which are too low-profile. To see how this can be done, do a search on YouTube for ""fujifilm x-t1 sugru project"" (not including the quote-marks).

Other reviewers noted this minor drawback: Sugru residue sticks to your fingers even after you've wiped them off. You do have to wash them a bit, and you might have to dig a bit of Sugru out from underneath your fingernails. But it cleans up pretty well.

(B.t.w., the product's shelf-life can be extended, says the manufacturer, by keeping the unused product in the refrigerator. I'm guessing that afterward it'd need to be brought to room temperature before the next use.)"
"Don't use Sugru often, but when I need it, it is the only stuff that works.  Have fixed temple pieces on sunglasses where rubber coating came off; have fixed cords where they enter appliances and are in danger of becoming frayed.  I always keep Sugru in the fridge so it is handy."
"The product claims to last at least a year, including having a use by date on the back.  Total lie.  Mine say they will last until July/August 2015 however I just tried to use the product and it is already too dry to mold or use.  As I try to mold it it just snaps into pieces.  I have opened four packs and all the same.  I bought Sugru back in August so my return window with Amazon is gone.

I cannot stress enough, TOTAL GARBAGE! DO NOT BUY!"
"Sugru does well, despite how expensive it can be. There's also a learning curve to how to use Sugru, as I had to find out the hard way that one cannot pack it too thick, or else it becomes so rigid that it becomes brittle.

I used some of my Sugru to reinforce the cable that goes into my current pair of audio headphones. So far, after only a month or so, the material is holding up well, and it's keeping things together well. So far, Sugru keeps strong what needs to be strong."
"hated, returned. Just wasn't what I wanted. Quick refund."
Sugru cures all...very handy to have around the house.
"There are two main problems with this:
1) Once you open a packet, you have to use it at that time.  So it's not terribly efficient.
2) It's not very strong.  I ""fixed"" a separating cable joint on a macbook pro power supply, only to find that it had cracked on it's own.  I had barely wiggled it at all.
Shoe Goo is MUCH stronger, still flexible, cheaper, and you use what you want, when you want."
"Magical mend, repair, and fix. Used it to put 2 ""handles"" (3"" X 1/2"") stripes on the bottom of my MacBook so it is much easier to carry. Also used it to put a tip on the handle of a cane so it can be ""hooked"" on a counter without slipping off."
"I have not used this yet, but look forward to doing so. After it arrived I was going to put it away until I was ready to use it. But I peeked inside the package and it says it will ""stay fresh in it's pack for 13 months from the manufacture date"". Sure enough there is an expiration date. A shame to buy something for future use and find out it expires in a year. Also glad I peeked inside the package as it says to ""refrigerate to triple the number of months left to use it""!"
"best thing ever.  these packets are ketchup sized and that's enough to fix both ends of a few chargers.  we've also fixed headphones, toys, and even modified game pieces with this stuff.  keep it in the fridge if you aren't using it soon.  worth every penny"
I really like this product is serve a great purpose when replacing rubber like areas.
"What I received did not work at all.  It was almost past its expiration date and was not usable.  A sample I was given by a friend worked very well, so I was disappointed."
"Not sure why it's so expensive for so little.
But alas it is a wonder putty. And i used it to strengthen the Apple Lightening Cords ends."
good
good
Cool stuff. But of packs had a leak and hardened in packing.  Used it on some guitar pedals !
This stuff is the best.
"I absolutely LOVE this stuff! I bought it for my Product Design students but ended up purchasing some for myself. I fixed our microwave handle which went through several break and replace cycles. The Sugru is holding up very well to the forces on the handle a year and a half later! I also fixed the dishwasher racks where the coating came off and the metal began to rust - covered with Sugru, and again, a year and a half later - still intact!"
"Let me tell you. This stuff is amazing. I was researching everything and I stumbled upon this. Just kidding. I was on the Museum of Modern Art's (MoMA) Design website. Lol. At the time, my laptop charger, phone charger, boyfriend's phone charger, and my 3DS cord had cords that were visible and that's seriously a hazard. I was kind of skeptical at first because I was like, ""Nah. This can't be,"" but I BOUGHT IT ANYWAY BECAUSE I had hope. It came pretty fast and I immediately opened one. I tested it on my laptop charger because it was the worst out of all the other ones. After I worked it and waited several hours (and eventually forgot about it because I went to sleep), I woke up the next morning and touched it. I bent it, I put my fingernail in it, and I swung it around. I'm not joking, guys. This stuff stayed on and it acted like it was part of the cord all along. ""There must be some sort of trick,"" I told myself, but lol. It is what it says and if you follow the directions, it will help you out with all those silly, broken-like cords in a jiffy. 5/5. Please put it in the fridge for longer use! :D"
Versatile product. Tried applying to a small hole in the bottom of a boot and did not work. Prepared the surface correctly.
lots of uses
LOVE this stuff.
"What can you do with Sugru?  I've added bumpers to door handles so an open door doesn't impact the wall, repaired some large scissor handles that were broken, adjusted my car's broken headlight adjustment to keep me safe and legal, repaired a cracked iPhone charging cable, made a replacement cap for the leg of an ironing board. Sugru is easy to use and doesn't require a big cleanup."
"Love this stuff. Every time I open a pack I realize there are several more uses I can think of. I've used it for making flip flops more comfortable, for adding to the legs of a metal picture frame tripod that would have scratched a wood shelf, for replacing chaise lounge leg caps that went missing, for making a hat fit better, for fixing zipper pulls on suitcases that the airlines keep breaking ..."
I love this stuff.  My latest use was to cover exposed wires in my headphones.  I've also used it to shape and replace a handle for my crockpot.  I've tried alternative products but always come back to Sugru.
"The product worked well for my intended purpose, which was to provide a cushion between an iron table base and a glass table top. I liked being able to mold the product to fit around the table top support, and the fact that it is the same color of the table (black) makes the product less conspicuous. It's too soon to tell how it will hold up over time."
"This is very expensive, and it doesn't harden completely."
"We use these in the shop for various electrical projects, and to seal dipsticks on diesel engines."
"$22 for 8 packets. First couple of packets worked great for my USB cords. Didn't last though. Stored in fridge. Took out a packet dated Aug, 2015 and it's already dried out. Took out another and partially dried out. Very disappointing. No way to return or even contact seller. Product has such promise! (Pic is Sugru half dried up, not smooth)"
This stuff is amazing! I wish that I had known about it earlier. It seems to bond to anything!
"Have only tried it on 2 small projects and in both cases it did exactly what I wanted it to do. Both projects were around hot water, one in the kitchen sink and the other in the shower.  Both are still holding on and doing a better job then the original product did, hence the repair using SUGRU.
Sorry no photos as both repairs are in places that are out of sight."
Unbelievable.
Best product ever
"I'd read about this stuff but never tried it until the power cord for my Macbook suddenly one day looked like an animal had been chewing on it -- only there are no animals here. So I used the white Sugru to fix it. Rolled some out flat and wrapped it around the damaged cord and on up to cover the edge of the little cylindrical part of the magnetic plug. Rolled the cord between my hands to sort of even it all out.

Well, that was more than a month ago, and while I hope to do a nicer-looking job next time (now that I've had some practice), this repair is excellent. It's reinforcing the whole top six inches of the cord and doesn't look half bad. Plus it saved me the $75 for a new cord."
"Sugru is my everything. Sure, it's expensive. But in my experience, it's so, so worth it. I love sugru. Just the ultimate problem solver around the house. I also love that it keeps me creative. I have something I've been dying to fix, it makes me come up with ways I could utilize Sugru for it. I will just keep bying these over and over again for the rest of my life, probably. I'm a weirdo."
best way to put it...Sugru makes anyone an instant MacGiver.
"I'm surprised how much I like this product.  I've used it on a number of small repairs, and the Sugru makes a nice rubberlike repair that is unlike anything I have achieved with normal epoxy-type products.  In particular I've repaired a couple of lightning cables and an Anker charger, as the electric insulating properties of Sugru are a nice bonus.  I do wish it was cheaper - it's about $2 per application, which is too much."
"Love it. So useful, I would order again!"
Works like a champ! used it to size some rings that were too big
"OK, it's a great idea, but it has a lonnnnnnng ways to go.  Here are the problems I encountered:
1.  No support - no contact info on their website.  Good luck if you receive a bad product.
2.  I received bad product 2 out of 3 orders.  Take it out the packet and it's already set up into hard rubber.
3.  No ""use by"" date that I could find.
4.  Stinks to high heaven.  Might not be a problem, depends on the application.  But the odor makes me think ""toxins in the air"".
5.  No support.  That REALLY irritates me since they spend so time pushing their product.  Take a bit of that time and offer some SUPPORT, folks."
"Used it to repair several iPhone USB cables that had separated near the plugs, saving about $50 for replacements. Also used it to repair several severely abused laptop power supply cords, saving about $240. Used it to adapt an old tripod L-clamp to my camera, saving $150. You get the idea. Easy to work with, firm but rubbery after it cures. Good working time."
Great  stuff!
"The sugru itself is great. I've used it to fill in chips on ceramic and to fix a garage door opener clip that was letting the remote slip out. It's worked very very well.

The only problem is in the packaging, which allows the material to cure. Each color is in a little plastic packet that can't be re-sealed. After using just a little bit of one color, I closed up the edges of the packet as best I could. Following the recommendations on the package, I put the packets in the fridge. A week later, that color was cured around the edges, which wasted about half of it."
"OMG
I was able to fix Apple Mac and Air cords that would cost me 80.00 to purchase and I know as I had to buy one but fortunately kept the very frayed on hoping I would eventually come up with a way to fix it. I did and this was the product. I came across it on UTUBE (I think or an add pop up)when I was looking to see how to repair an Apple cord (they had other ads on very complicated ways to repair the cord yet this was a quick clay like fix that require zippo tech skills) and found out Apple has quite a reputation for their rather fragile cords. So I ordered it and now have not only fixed my cord but fixed on at the office and now am using it proactively on my new Apple air to prevent such breakage by putting it on the cord on both ends where they attach to give them a very strong/sturdy support so they will never bend and it makes it easier to put into the computer actually. It keeps well in the frig and is ready to use as soon as i need it. A little goes a long way."
"Useful for so many different things.
I always keep some on hand"
"Great product, great idea"
neat product
"This stuff is fantastic. I use it all the time and give it away as gifts to friends and family.
My mother has low vision and we put some Sugru ""bumps"" on her thermostat at 60 and 70 degrees so she can set the room temp by touch.
I'm so glad this is now available through Amazon, but do check out their website. Great videos and shots showing how other people have used Sugru to make life just a bit sweeter. Also, their promotional videos are lots of fun."
I've used these on a few things now and they haven't worked for me.
"I ordered this for my dad, which he proceeded to use up fairly quickly, so I got him some more. He gave me two pieces to keep in case I needed them, and upon needing them this week, I discovered that they had solidified in their sealed packaging 2-3months before the expiration date. Needless to say, I'm not particularly impressed."
top notch
a favorite!
"Absolutely wonderful stuff. Have used it to fix and mend broken items, build up handles and customize grips, So many other uses to list but I can't be without it. Easy to use and adheres to surfaces well but is removable if you don't like it. Go to Sugru website for fantastic ideas. RECOMMEND FOR EVERYONE"
"Consider this substance for doing small areas needing restoration.  I had great success repairing irreplaceable glass tile from the 1930s by blending a color of sugru.  I was able to save the tile with a barely visible, elegant repair and it was well worth the time and effort.  I was also able to rebuild cracked, chipped and missing sections of the impossible-to-find plastic plates that line the handles on my 50's Geneva metal kitchen cabinets and blend a comparable shade of white.  While it is too costly for a big job, a little goes a long way for those small but significant repairs."
works  as advertised
"Unusable, I tried using this about a month after ordering it.  The material seems partially cured though far from expiration date listed on the packet.  The consistency is slightly crumbly and if you fold it over it doesn't even stick to itself, really doesn't stick to anything at all, feeling quite ripped off right now."
"Great stuff! Cna't believe how many things I've used this for... next to duct tape, Sugru should be on every workbench!"
Sugru is beyond the best product. Fixes things you wouldn't think could be fixed.
Wonderful product.  Easy to use and very flexible in application.
Love this stuff!!!
"If you've never tried sugru, you need to try it!"
"Sugru gets it done. A wonder material if there ever was one.  I have repaired glasses, measuring cups, earbuds, cables, music stands, and added grippy feet to any number of items."
"We really wish there wasn't so much in one little packet. We have found that we need to accumulate the things that need Sugru before we open one of the individual packs, because once it's open, you either have to use it or lose it. Other than that, this stuff is great! My boyfriend used it to ""seal"" up his tennis shoes, I used it to add grips and heat-resistant knobs and handles to my pots and pans. We've used it to fix chewed cables from the cats. It's great stuff to have on hand."
"Amazing stuff.  I'd consider it just as important to field repairs and modifications as WD40, Ducktape, and Superglue.

PRO:
-amazing material with tons of uses.
-works exactly as described, packaging is completely honest and true.
-extremely easy to use. If you can work with polymer clay (sculpey) then you can use this.
-nothing to mix, nothing to measure, basically idiot-proof.
-Can be removed, but adhesion is quite strong.  I haven't had it come loose unintentionally yet.
-Does not displace oil, so, you can lubricate a surface you don't want it to adhere to, and press it against there, leave it to cure. When you come back in a few hours, you can peel it right off without altering the impression.

CON:
-Expensive.  We're talking about a few teaspoons of material total.
-Limited shelf-life.  Store it in the fridge like they recommend, seriously.  The package is small and you'll always know where it is."
"I love this stuff!  I have used it on my slow cooker lid, an outdoor railing, iphone charging cord and other place."
There are a million uses for this stuff.
Made a few fridge magnets. Fixed a few things. Really awesome stuff. Now I look for uses.
"This is magic!  I bought this product to repair a cracked steering wheel of a 1974 VW Thing.  I have used it on the dash of my 1977 Beetle convertible, Rayban Sunglasses and Doc Marten boots as well."
"Great product and easy to apply.  We use it to strengthen power cords (for our phones and laptops), where the cord meets it's connecting piece, since they often get bent repeatedly and wires become exposed. We also use this to cap anything that's potentially sharp or could cause accidental injury, such as the sharp edges of our bed-frame and camping stakes that would otherwise puncture through their carry-bag."
Awesome stuff. Take you time to make it look right.
"Great idea, have not used it as of today."
Best thing since sliced bread!!!
Good stuff.
Can't live without it anymore.
"Excellent product and easy to use - I bought this to reinforce/seal the cable on a micro-usb charger where the coating had started to crack at the base from being bent. After mixing a few colors using their color chart and rather than waste it all just to seal one thing, I opted to seal the ends of as many chargers/cords as I could. After curing, everything works great, and with the added bonus that I know which cords are mine and which belong to my boyfriend, since we have a ton of micro-usb cords between us for phones, tablets, and other devices."
"Sugru will make you feel like Mcgyver! No really it fixes and hacks anything ( with imagination )!.  This is a must have product in your toolbox.  Wha it's water proof too,  think of the possibilites!"
This stuff is Fantastic! Love Love Love it! Already fixed many cables that the dog had chewed.
I love it!  I got this to make little bumpers on my daughter's long board. Ordered more and have found all sorts of uses for it!
I recently knocked over a Tiffany style standing lamp. The shade made it through but one of the light sockets cracked at the stem. Followed the direction on this stuff and now the lamp is as good as new! VERY happy!
"Sugru is totally, wonderfully amazingly awesome. We always have a pack in the house. We mainly used it for fixing toys and repairing cables with wires exposed. I've also used it to repair sunglasses with missing nose rest, the cracked back of an iPhone, I've even used it to replace a missing button on a shoe. Very handy. I wish they would sell it in single packets though."
"Great for covering corners of sharp objects when kids are in the house.
Leaves some black coloring on your hands after use. Needs to be washed off."
"I'm not sure what the use is for this.  My limited tests have shown that the stuff comes off too easily, yet leaves a residue behind on the item (this was at 24hrs).

I made bumper for a flashlight as a test yesterday.  It peeled right off today and left white goop behind that won't come off.

WTF!!!!???????"
"If you own a Mac Laptop, iPad, iPhone, SUGRU will save you money in the future...molding it around the power plug connections makes them last way beyond the expected life of these little problem children!

The more you plug and unplug, the more you need SUGRU.  I've used the white, but also like using the ball on the white cables.  I'm sending it out as gifts this Christmas."
Amazing stuff!
Very esy to manipulate. Worked like a charm on my iphone cable. POS....
Cooler than Silly Putty!
Awesome stuff. I use it to fix things that normally would need to be replaced.  Very good buy.
This is an update. The product I had on hand was kep refrigerated and lasted over a year. I just purchased more as I have used it for many many repairs and adaptations. I have not found a product with comparable diverse use's. For what I have been able to repair or improve it has been a fantastic value. I will definitely continue to purchase this item although it does last for 1 year.
fine
Have you ever noticed we're paying more for cheap plastic junk than we used to pay for quality?  With Sugru you can beat planned obsolescence on lots of things around your house.  I ordered it to repair a plastic lamp and used  bright red to make the repair stand out.  It worked great and kept the lamp out of the landfill.  Now I'm using it on everything!  Kudo's the the creative woman who saw a need and created a solution.
Used this to make chair protectors.  Swivel chairs no longer smash into the counter.
Great product hands down
This is amazing stuff.
"This stuff works as advertised, but you better use it fast. Mine still has 3 months left before expiration and its all dried up.

I didn't see the note on the inside packaging that tells you to put it in the refrigerator to keep it pliable longer until it was too late. But if the expiration date says it has 3 months to go it should still be usable."
"1.4 oz. Sugru -  $18

2 oz. plumber's epoxy from Home Depot $3.66

Do the math."
"Great stuff. Initially I got to repair a macbook power adapter, perfect for that sort of fix.
It's a little spendy, so i only use it where it's a visible fix. These are cocaine prices for this stuff /oz."
Used it to fix a pair of shoes that were still in great condition other than a sole separating.  It's so easy to use that I think I'm in love with this stuff!
Fantastic stuff....fixed several small things and it works like a charm....added advantage...color match!  Great product!
Sugru is so great for repairs and many other purposes...can't recommend highly enough.
Great stuff!  Used it to do a temp repair on side view mirror of my car.
"Sugru is amazing! It's the way of the future! I've used it to replace all other child care products. My kids eat, wear, and play with Sugru and nothing else from now on."
"This stuff rocks!  I use it to fix everything.  Even used it to re-mount my dishwasher so it wouldn't slide out!
Smells allot less than standard plumbers putty!"
"I bought this to have on hand for miscellaneous repairs, and finally got to use it for the first time yesterday! I fixed a toy front-loader that my son loved to pieces, literally. I followed the instructions on the package, let it cure for 24 hours, and today the piece that had separated is very securely glued right back on the body of the toy. Really easy.

Two notes: 1. These mini-packs are VERY mini, which is good if you have a small project like mine (I used one packet, and there was no waste). 2. The package states that the expiration date can be extended by putting it all in the refrigerator. I did so right when I received them, as I wasn't sure when I'd be using them. Unless you have a backlog of many projects, I'd buy in small amounts. My expiration date says August 2015, which is about one year from when I purchased."
Wish I could give this stuff ten stars.  This is one of those things you wish you had had all your life.  I've used it for a ton of stuff.  It is on the power adapter for this very laptop I'm typing on right now.  Prevents the cord from tangling.  Such a great invention.
Does what it promise.
"Like the product, but when I received the item, some of the packets had already cured"
I wish I had known about Sugru much earlier. I have used this for many different applications and it works very well.
works perfectly!
Have been wanting to try this stuff out since I first heard about it.  This is an awesome way to get started with a mulitcolored pack!  I used some black to fix an autombile plastic cover key that opened up.  Used some white to fix some tempermental iPhone/iPad charging cables.  I think its is the next best thing to superglue.
"Sugru is like a drug. I want to use this stuff all over the place. Your only limited by your mind on the possibilities. Pls note, I am not advocating for the use of mind expanding drugs. I think if you simply lift up the Sugru in your hands, face the sky, and contemplate the universe, you'll get some inspiration ... oh never mind. I've made a razor holder for the shower, the only place outside of Asia where you can get a proper shave, reinforced earplugs, made a replacement foot for a table top radio, and am working on a mini ipad holder for the car e.g. Use the ipad as a screen for gps navigation while driving via a blue tooth connection to my cell phone. I did a bunch of other mini projects. I had the multi-color and B&W packets. It's all good with Sugru. Have fun with this stuff!"
"I use Sugru mostly for repairing charging cables.  I bought some and repaired a few chargers about a year ago and a few of repairs have cracked because the cable hangs down behind my bed and hangs off the edge of my nightstand, the stress on each end of the cable has caused the wire to come apart from the USB, and if not placed in just the right place, my phone won't charge.  I realize that just like the original cable cracked, this stuff will too over time, and I'm okay with it.  It's still better that a cheap replacement charger that rarely works or spending $20-$30 on a new one from the manufacturer.

I might try to find a way to reinforce the ends and then cover it all in Sugru!"
"This stuff was a total loss for me.  I was trying to reinforce an iPhone connecter cord (much like in one of the product photos). The stuff  just crumbled into little pieces as I tried to knead it to apply it.  And then of course It would not adhere to the surface of the wire or connector end.  I used it well within the ""use by"" date.  Don't know why it didn't work, I tried 4 of the packets before giving up. It seems like a great idea...Oh well"
"Sugru is a clay-like rubber substance that cures with exposure to air. It is easily molded by hand and adheres to most porous and nonporous surfaces. It is touted to fix anything. Their website also offers suggestions not only for fixes, but for creation of problem-solving gizmos and doodads.

Sugru comes in a variety of colors. Two or more colors can be mixed to form even more colors.

I put Sugru to the test. I had two items that needed fixing.

The first is a microphone holder that is affixed to the side of my karaoke machine. The plastic holder had cracked and was rendered incapable of doing its job. A little Sugru was molded and rubbed to cover the crack. Left to dry for the recommended 24 hours, the microphone now has a secure place to be.

The second is a paper towel holder I have had for probably 30 years. It is free-standing. Many years ago, whatever secured the dowel to the base had snapped. Although the dowel continued to stand upright, it wobbled, and I was never able to find a suitable fix. I have also never found a replacement that I liked as much, so I have been living with the wobbly thing all these years. Wobble no more! Sugru to the rescue.

Sugru is easy to work with. Repairs are fun! Just call me Mrs. Fix-It!"
Great stuff and easy to use
Fixed a pair of headphone and then fixed a corny keg handle.
"This stuff is pretty great. Make sure you give it adequate time to cure after applying, and be sure to also try to get the bulk of the molding done within 10 minutes or so. Works best with clean hands. I wouldn't trust it on anything that might need to hold substantial amounts of weight, though... it sort of ""peels"" if your molding work has any cracks in it. Should be pretty good up to around 15 lbs. test."
Good choice!
Keep ordering more all the time. We keep finding new uses for this great product. I keep in the freezer. Had some that was a year out of date and couldn't tell any difference.
Nice product as you expect to do things
Good with charger cord repairs. Has saved me a lot $$
AWESOME! I teach at a 1:1 HS where every student has a Macbook Air. I applied Sugru to MagSafe2 chargers at their faulty weak areas (each end of the thin cable). And it has helped maintain the chargers this year. Last year chargers were breaking at either end of the base of the thin cable and duct tape didn't seem to help protect them. This year with the Sugru none of the chargers have broken at those places. Saved lots of $$$. Sugru ROCKS!
"Saw this on youtube and was glad to find it on Amazon. Very creative and innovative product. I have tried it for a few different purposes and it works as advertised. Make sure to use up what you open though because it hardens when in contact with air.
The Sugru website offers lots of cool uses for the product. Very helpful and fun."
Used it to fix my frayed MacBook magsafe AC adapter. It looks good. It's covering the exposed wire. It's not all sticky like electrical tape.
"Used on a pair of headphones, cracked after less than a day of use. Used on my headset, came lose + damaged the headset (intermittent short, worked flawlessly before). Haven't had a chance to try it on anything else yet, but it's current failure rate is making me wary of attaching it to anything else.

Edit: I just wanted to mention that I did follow instructions, I allowed 24 hours to cure. It almost feels like it's expired, but the expiration date hasn't been reached."
"Have used for several projects.  Solid and has held up.  Easy to use.  Have monitored for over eight months and no problems.  Used for both a protective corners on a boat trailer... very tough.

Only concern is the costs... small amount of material for price."
"Great product but oddly enough, will not function as a custom tip for a tablet/phone stylus..."
"Works well, but beware fingerprints! It's harder to make this stuff smooth or look professional than the pictures make you think. Make sure your hands are clean and, most importantly, lint-free before you start using this."
"helps everywhere and many things you can do with this stuff, I mad iPhone bumper case, cable holders and am planning to do an iPad wall mount. There are so many things to do and if you don't know what to do then look at their website and projects there. http://sugru.com/guides"
"This is a great product for use with (all too often) cables that fray and break. You can take the Sugru and put it at the point of greatest stress on a cable (for example, and iPhone cable) and it does a great job of protecting it.  It is also fairly easy to mold and use.  The only thing that I wish was different about sugru would be that if you do not use all of it from a given packet you basically have to throw the leftover away.  I opened one packet and used about half of the sugru to fix a cable, and then I put the remainder in a sealed Ziploc bag inside the refrigerator.  Even that did not stop the sugru from getting hard over time.  This is not a big deal, but it does mean that now I wait until I have several cables that need repairing before I open a packet  you really only need about a third of a packet to repair a cable."
"Really great stuff but cost and shelf-life make it hard to give 5 stars.  This is the best stuff I have found for repairing Apple power cables.  It molds to durable strain reliefs better than anything else I have found.  Cured polymer has no tack, yet remains flexible.  Packages are about 2X what I need for most cables and even refrigeration and heat sealing fail to keep remainder of the material useful.  Even factory sealed packages eventually harden.  Sadly this is a product that is incredibly useful, but almost impossible to keep on the shelf for when you need it.  That and the relatively high cost make it hard for me to give 5 stars.  Cured fixes work well but don't look factory new.  Still well cheaper than replacing expensive power cords."
"This stuff is pretty awesome.  It works well, we used some to replace the hand crank nob of our sunroof in one of our vehicles and you can't tell it's not part of the car.  The stuff dried so hard it looks and acts like hard plastic.  These packets look small but there is quite a bit inside depending on what you need it for.  We used one packet for the car, replaced a footie on the bottom of our laptop and I am sure something else and we still had a bit leftover.  We're just waiting for our Legos now to set up the phone chargers."
"This is cool stuff! I blended black and white, and filled some gauges in a steering wheel  in a box van, I cleaned them out first, and let dry. I mixed up this stuff and squashed it in repeatedly, then used a razor blade to make the top nice and flat. It has worked great, and has brought the steering wheel back to feeling normal.  Going to try it on shoes next. My only complaint is the doubles of the other colors, and just a single of black and white in the package."
This is the most awesomest stuff ever! So many uses. I used this in my dishwasher on several areas where the rack was rusting through. That was several months ago and looks like I just did it. Its fabulous for patching cords that the dog chewed through. This is so useful and fun I have to stop myself from trying to find things to do with it. Will be buying some for my two adult sons because I think everyone should have some.
"""The future needs fixing"". I didn't know I needed this before I saw it. I can't imagine not having it. It's hard to write a review for something that's basically space age duct tape. I've used it for repairing feet on electronics, repairing cables, making controller grips, fixing phone cases, making rubber bumpers, putting grips on my keys, custom earphone molds, repairing the sole of my toe shoes, adding soft grips to my guitar stand, etc...

If you're a handy person, this stuff has a place right next to your duct tape in your toolbox."
"Does not stick to many things nearly as well as advertised.  This has moderate adhesion so you need to use it on something it will stick to or that has some sort of high texture.  If it does stick, it works well.  Also, the portions are tiny so any sort of larger use will get expensive fast."
"I bought some. . I still have it. .  dated ""Use before August 2015"".  Well, today is May 11, 2015, and the stuff is all ruined.  I could tell by feeling the package.  But I opened one of them anyhow, and sure enough, it's already 'cured'.
Still stinks, too.
This really aggravates me. .Totally threw my money away."
Interesting product.  Lots of possibilities.
Awesome! Will order more for Christmas. This is so cool. Everyone should have this on hand.
Sugru is great - there are thousands of videos on youtube to show you how it can be used. I made an easy repair to a key fob and it holds perfectly.
Have used this on three different cords and it's held up very well. Just make sure to let it set the full 24 hours.
"This is what I was looking for. Thank you to those who invented this article, I have benefited a lot from him"
"How did I live my life without this stuff? I've been repairing everything and it has held without fail every single application.

Wobbly door on the microwave? Fixed. Handle on my favorite coffee cup? Fixed. Loose radiator shroud on my Jeep? Fixed.

Wish the price were a little lower, but it is not too expensive for what its value is."
"For all sensitive items, especially vintage musical instruments, this is your one stop repair item."
"Not so easy to mold into a shape that needs to fit into another shape, ie, hooks for holding a refrigerator door shelf in place. I'm sure I'll find other uses for it, but this use didn't pan out."
"Sugaru is great when you need it, but so overpriced.  Check out Lifehacker to see how to make your own."
"Our daughter introduced us to this product. How did we ever live without it! We put some on an outside dog cable that gets cold and wet, yet had a worn/weak spot. So far, so good. Great flexibility!"
Best product to repair or mod your gadgets!
"Why did I put off buying this stuff for so long? It is amazing!

This plus a dremel pretty much gives me an excuse to tinker, modify or fix just about anything I have laying around.

Seriously, go out and buy some.

I bought magnets, to only realize most of the things I want to magnetize are aluminum. Fail."
"The product itself is good, but it transfers the problem down the cable. The cable itself is the problem, so if you have an Apple cable you're looking to fix, it will fix it for a short time, but then the stress point becomes the end of where you have the sugru substance. I used one whole pack on one cable, and now it needs more. I'll probably just buy a new cable"
Fantastic Product
Great stuff.  Exactly what I needed.
Awesome!  Fun!
"It wasn't too bad. But seriously, use JB weld for 99% of what is needed gluing."
"Sugru joins the ranks of duct tape and WD-40...with these three things you should be able to fix almost anything! Sugru fixes all my woes. We've repaired or upgraded dishwasher rack wheels, children's silverware, device charging cords, a lamp, two chairs, several things in our motorhome, and so many more things that I cannot even think of. I've even made unique things to serve random needs. Sugru is great!"
"The tag line is, ""Fix the things you love"" and that's a smart way to approach this stuff. The packets are tiny, and expensive. But I was able to make my cracked FitBit almost as good as new, so Sugru saved me a bit of money. Despite the pictures I've seen of big bulky fixes, I was able to mold it right into the cracked area, making it almost imperceptible that it was ever broken. It has held up extremely well over the past few weeks too.

I'm not going to use this to make a disposable razor more grippy, but for things are either expensive or impossible to replace, Sugru is an update to the old, ""A stitch in time saves nine"" aphorism."
Great stuff
Love this stuff! It does exactly what they say. I've fixed my vacuum cleaner around the cord.
Maybe I haven't found the right use? But super glue works better.
This stuff is like gold Ti me the price is a little much for what you get though but then again it's amazing for what you can use it for.
I love sugru but these were dried out when we got them and wouldnt cure. Practically playdoh with the set we got. We have used sugru before and have loved it but this pack was a bust for us.
"Fixed my iPhone cord, easy, as described"
Works great. So far used it on a formica sewing table that was damaged while being stored. Covered up the spot that was rough.
I'm a Sugru Guru and have been using in many applications and hack many things. I love it!
"Love sure! I've used it to stabilize cords, earphones and even to fix my fridge drawers. Very versatile."
Saved me from buying an expensive new 60W Macbook Pro Charger/Adapter. Every Macbook owner should have a pack of Sugru to reinforce those weak cable points on the cord. Here is a link that shows you how to repair your Macbook cable with Sugru: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEQ0fSZJuSk
"This stuff is the best and most fun fix-it product to come along in a long time. If you have some extra time, cruise the internet for ideas and fix away. I definitely recommend  keeping it in the refrigerator for a longer life though."
Did the job where others fail...could not find suitable glue for flexible parts and this one did the job...
Using it with a Lego figure to build an iPad cord holder!  Great idea found on line.
It's like magic.  Would definitely recommend.
"This stuff is just plain cool.

I used it to fix a pond pump.  Even with a wet environment, vibration & pressure it has held for 6 month.  Much cheaper than a new pump.

A perfect way to fix those computer power cables that start breaking at the hard connector.

So man uses and such a great product."
This stuff is very handy.  I use it to patch the inside of my steel toe work boots after they start eating my socks.  It is a moldable putty that hardens into silicone rubber.
"Used This to fix a power cord strain relief on a weed wacker.  Also used on a 40+ year old electric tea kettle rewire job.  Got a chance to get ""creative"" and build a red and yellow swirled strain relief electric cord from the kettle.  The package is sitting in the refrigerator, waiting for the next challenge.  The wife is nervous as I ponder my next trick with Sugru!!"
worked perfectly for covering a tear with the leather in my car's armrest
"Nice stuff, but questionable advertising practices so only one star from me, I was expecting better.

Their ""Sugru Projects"" shows the product used on items (cables, plastic car mirror, fridge door, phone edges, car key buttons, etc.) that www. Sugru.com says ""Sugru won't stick to"".

Sugru won't stick to:
  - Polypropylene,
  - Nylon,
  - Polyethylene,
  - LDPE,
  - Teflon,
  - Brass

The verdict is still out on a couple small hooks that I made.  On another item, a loop tore/broke quite easily even though I'd made it with 1/4inch thick Sugru material and let it sit for 3 days before trying to use with a lightweight z-biner.

Overpriced with questionable uses."
Love sugru does everything I want with it.
"This stuff is fantastic. Somewhat expensive for  the quantity, but lots of fun to use. Gives you the ability to create and repair things that would otherwise be out of the reach of a home handyman."
"Best invention ever!! I have fixed so many broken toys that super glue and epoxy just couldn't do. And it's way less messy than those things! My kiddos love helping mix up the colors for the repair, it's like an art project all on its own. Highly recommend this product."
"I love this item and have been sharing the individual packets with friends. I have made new feet for kitchen trivets, permanently connected electronic connectors that kept separating and to successfully seal leaks on squeaky latex dog toys."
Works great for cable mending. Slightly pricy but I'd definitely buy it even still.
This product deserves SIX stars without a doubt. I have been using Sugru since it was first made available to the general public in 2009 and am so glad its available here at Amazon. Just go to www.sugru.com to see the almost unlimited uses for Sugru.
"Stuff works great. I used some on a pool filter top that was leaking around one of the bolts. There was actually fine hairline cracks on the top and bottom. Water was seeping through. I just followed directions, balled it up between my fingers and applied it around both sides and on the hairline cracks. Let it dry 24 hours and so far no leaks! This pool filter top is hard plastic that is very smooth too. Sugru bonded well."
Rubber stuff
"I bought some of this after reading all the online reviews. I have repaired shoes, headphone cables and few other things. The headphone cable repair was worth the cost of the product. I have since then added Sugru to my work repair kit. Google this product for many useful ideas."
"Used it for my iphone charger and my telecommunications phone set, works like a champ! Highly recommend!"
"Great product,  good seller"
cool stuff
"Sugru does its job that it sticks to anything rock hard. So it does well as it's described. The downside is when I used red one on white desk, it leaves red mark that it doesn't come off... And when I want to take it off from the material I used the sugru on, it won't come off unless you use sharp knife which I don't really want because I don't want to scratch it... So I advice you to use this very wisely on choosing what color you use, and where you use it."
Fabulous product
"Sugru can be used to fix stuff you've given up on. I used Sugru to fix a loose-fitting smart phone case, to fix a split cord to a coffee grinder, make bumpers for the corners of my 14-y-o son's phone, prevent a pair of shoes from slipping at the heel, and repair a broken piece of a halogen desk lamp that gets too hot for glue."
It was a great stocking stuffer for the guys in our family. They all had ideas what they were going to use it on
This stuff is extremely useful. Everyone should have a few packets lying around.
Sugru is really impressive stuff. I have used it to repair cables - saving hundreds of dollars and making cool mounts with magnets. They have some great you-tube videos out there that show just how versatile this stuff really is. enjoy!
great product
This stuff is Awesome!!!!!
Fun stuff to play around with. Works exactly as advertised.
The product is interesting. Essentially pure silicone rubber with a filler - probably talc. The difference between pure silicone rubber Sugru - is price. You can buy a caulk tube (455g.) of pure silicone rubber for under $16.00 - but Sugru will cost you more than $20/oz. (28 g.) or about $320/lb. That's a tad over priced for my needs.
"I love this stuff! I have no mechanical ability and I used this to fix my coffee pot handle back on where the screw fell out and no one could figure out how to get the screw to stay in. Then I used it to add hoops to my stained glass parrot so I can hang it up again.  Then I used it to seal my favorite pair of ear buds where the plastic is ripping.  They are a pair of $100 ear buds that are no longer made.

Love this stuff."
This stuff is THE BEST.
"Forms great, holds solid.
Used this to mount a webcam to a tilt-pan mount, then that tilt-pan mount to a clamping system.
So far, no complaints!"
It works!
"I repaired a pair of snowboard boots with this stuff.  Granted, it took a lot of it, but it held up to 102 days of hard riding.  Good job, Sugru!"
I really like Sugru.  I found it on an Amazon search.  I was not happy with the bridge on my Sunglasses.  I mixed up the Sugru and voila just the solution I needed.  I will be buying more and modifying more stuff...
"Excellent stuff, really has it's place where caulk is too messy or you need something with more ""body"".  A bit pricey but that's it's only downside."
"Works well, just make sure you let it cure for 24 hrs."
"Works well, but a bit expensive."
"When I learned about this product I had to find a way to use it, which I did, on about 5 different ideas that all worked flawlessly. Wish It didn't have a shelf life though. Even so, they're still worth it, great for fixing anything around the house. I used some on a set of T-handle Bondhus wrenches to keep a better grip when spinning screws in or out of their holes."
This was a gift to daughter & granddaughters.  They love it.
Crazy stuff.  Small packets (the size of a small soy-sauce packet) of gum like stuff.  Mold it to what you want and walk away.  I use it to customize the grip on my pistol for 50m free-pistol.  Also used it for some small repairs at the house.  The kind of stuff you want to have on hand - just in case.
"This stuff is amazing, used it to fix a broken spoiler on my car.  Held strong and that has been about 2 years ago.  No other products worked as well as this.  I tried gorilla glue, super glue, duct tape, electrical tape, epoxy, and several other things but this worked and nothing else did."
Is everything is says it is. Great product.
"This thing is a Miracle worker! I used it to fix a scratch and peeling on my mom's glove compartment for her Lexus and I was able to mix the black white yellow and read to make it the EXACT color as my mom's dark beige interior faux leather. It's repaired and u can barely tell! I just wish there was a better way to store the left over putty without having it hardened. The refrigerator thing didn't work for me:-( but overall , pricey but worth every penny!!"
"This stuff is AMAZING! Used it (1 pack) to fix a broken knob in my truck AND modify two xbox controllers to domes sticks. It looks like it will replace JB Weld as my fix adhesive of choice. A lot more expensive than JB Weld, but more possibilities also.

Revision 1 - It will not replace JB weld. It's not a strong adhesive. I removed it from one controller because I had it too tall. It comes off easy with an exacto knife."
"Well, after all the hype, I can't believe I spent that much on a (for me) worthless product!!

I had what I thought was the perfect candidate, a door handle to a microwave that had pulled off almost two years ago. I first put it back with epoxy, this fix lasted almost two years, for very little cost.

I spent a couple days thinking and preparing the handle and door making sure the sugru had every chance to work. I taped it in place, gave it 48 hours cure time, then was still careful for another day in how aggressive I used it.

On the third day, I heard a snap and off the handle came!!! While this may be a repetitive use, it certainly isn't a heavy or stressed use, very disappointed, in me and the product!"
Cause it fixes EVERYTHING.
Works as advertised. Fixed my shower rack and it's still working several weeks later.
"Sugru is the BEST. Very, very useful. Used it building out an e-bike, covering the sharp end of a hose clamp on a repaired garden hose, on other projects around the home. This is my second purchase of the material."
"I love Sugru. I've used it to fix/improve many things around the house. My clothes dryer's lint net was torn away from the plastic frame, but after a little sugru, it's complete again. My nail clippers kept slipping out of my hands, but grips made from sugru made them much easier to use. I love this stuff!"
"It is interesting stuff, seems to work well.

The package I received had a very limited lifespan. The Expiration Date was only a couple of months off. Not a big deal if you have the immediate need, but I just bought it to have around just in case I needed it. Therefore, it sat around well past the expiration date.

Refrigerate or freeze for longer life."
as expected
Great stuff!! You use it and then start looking for other stuff to use it on.  Now I just wish I had purchased a multi-color pack.
Not overtly impressed.  Doesn't have a lot of strength.
"Already repaired a few electronic items with it, cheaper than buying a new power pack for my laptop and ipad"
"My family passed around a youtube video on how to use this product to make custom fit earbud/plugs, years ago.  I filed it away like many other things but when my new car had a windsheild washer button that kept annoyingly getting tripped by the bottle in the cup holder, the solution I came up with was perfect for this.  I thought I would have to glue it one after i formed it but it is self adhesive.  It is a little different in texture than I expected, thought it would be more rubbery, resilient.  My finger nail will go into it but other than that it feels hard, and smooth.  This wasn't a problem for me.  It also was more shinny than I thought.  From the pictures I thought it would be completely matte.  But it solved my problem.  I also used it on a shoe, working there too.  I did use rubber gloves to work with it when it was wet, I didn't want to absorb anything into my skin."
Love this stuff. Fixed a few charger cords which were beginning to fray. That right there paid for the product a few times over. I only wish it didn't have a limited shelf life. (Tip: Keep it in the refrigerator to double the shelf life)
"I used this to repair the little bit plastic that holds the power cord on a dyson vacuum. It was very easy to use and looks great - and I am not a highly skilled handyperson. The repair is sturdy. Some people have mentioned an odor when the Sugru is wet, but I didn't notice anything other than a very faint scent that went away as soon as the product started to dry. I read a tip that the Sugru lasts longer if you store it in the fridge, so that is what I am doing until I think of more uses for this."
"Solid product, works great! Recieved it punctually with all contents intact and seem to be working.  Will be purchasing more in the future."
"This is very unique gadget.  Great for made small hooks and things like that.  My wife has been experimenting with it, it stands up well to water and the little are helping her keep her small hair accessories more organized."
Easy to mold and dried fairly quick. Great hobby/craft product. Leaves your hand discolored so i suggest wearing gloves when working with this product.
"Sugru has so many uses for repair and building, I had to buy the larger 8-pack. Mostly used to save cables, but paid for itself the first time I saved an Apple Lightning cable. Check out their site for DIY ideas!"
"It's going to be so handy to have this multiple colour repair material, and it came ontime, and as expected.  thanks"
"If the curing time wasn't 24 hrs, I'd love it more. Invariably I need to cordon off an area or sequester and tie down a vital electronic to wait 24 hours for the project to be usable. It's a minor quibble. This stuff is the awesome, and it's fun to think of clever applications. Set your kids onto projects with this, they will love it--if they have the patience to waaait."
"So much you can do!  Very creative and interesting.  I have all kinds of projects I have done so far (fixing my favorite travel mug lid, reinforcing my charging cables), and a whole pile of other repairs I plan, including fixing a hole in my teenagers car bumper."
"I had a mobile device charger that developed a weak spot in the cord, exposing the underlying wires. So I bought some Sugru, followed the easy directions, and voile! Fixed! I keep my packet of leftover Sugru in the fridge, as recommended, and just warm it up in my hands when I need it to repair all sorts of wear and damage (on an small scale, of course). This is the best stuff since duct tape!"
Used on an Apple cable where both ends of the cable had separated.  One end is still good...the other cracked after a few uses. Good idea that does not quite pan out.
"best stuff ever for any type of repair / fix /
only drawback is longevity..... it really does not work after 12mos...... even in refrig.
but can be used for anything to be fixed."
"this stuff is ridicules form it, let it sit and you have hardened plastic. Still waiting to see how it wears..."
"I have a 2014 Corolla S  that was hit and the front of the grill cracked a bit and so I used a bit of sugru to repair it, and it works fine. Can't tell it was ever cracked."
"I love this stuff! I fix everything with it: shoes, cables, car parts, cameras, etc.

Sugru is such a great example of modern ingenuity."
"I purchased this specifically to deal with charger cords for laptops and phones. You know how the always break or fray at the point where they are plugged in? A little of this goes a long way and redistributes the force of the bending point. Salvaged 3 cords so far and will likely treat all new cords with this stuff.
It has a plethora of other used but for cords this stuff rocks."
I used this to repair the plastic grill on my car - it did exactly what I needed...provided a secure bond between two broken pieces of plastic.  Once dry (about 24 hrs) - I was able to use a razor to do more precision shaping for a seamless fix.  LOVE SUGRU!
"Repaired key fob
repaired fitbit case
repaired macbook air cord
made a door bumper for ""soft landings""
repaired hiking boots"
"Good product, does what it should do, hundreds of uses and repairs. I have yet to find another product as easy to use."
Super useful. Get some and you'll wonder how you got along without it. I used it to repair my bike rack. What will you use it for?
I bought this hoping to fix a costume prop and it did the job perfectly.  It is as moldable as silly putty and dries permanent but with a little give to prevent breaking.  This adhered to smooth plastic with no problem.
"Pros: Sugru does exactly what it advertises and has the properties you might expect from the description. It is waterproof and is a good electrical resistor. The texture is firm but not brittle, and served these purposes well.

Cons: This is more difficult to shape than it looks, and so Sugru hacks can be ugly. Also, kind of a pain to get out of your hands and/or clothes."
"We love Sugru.  We do store ours in the fridge to keep it viable for a longer period of time.  There are 8 separately sealed packets.  If you open one for a project but don't use it all, don't bother trying to keep this stuff and using it later.  It won't work.  We've used this stuff to put on a rearview mirror on a car, seal off the ends of the ipod chargers and headphones so that they don't fall apart and also used it to make personalized trumpet finger rests.  The stuff is great and the packaging makes it easy to use."
"It works as advertised. I repaired a key fob with the black and it is holding well. It does have kind of a weird smell to it while curing, but after it cures there is no smell."
"Sugru is simply amazingly versatile, and durable; and I have repairs made with it 2 years ago still working today (hence my repurchase of this products).

Make sure to google some tips for using Sugru best (i.e. use some water on your fingertip to smooth out its outer surface after you've formed it in the shape you want it to be).

Happy Sugru-ing!"
"I read a number of articles about Sugru, many from Make magazine, so finally decided to try this stuff out.  It's seems very expensive for what it does.  Plus, it was somewhat difficult to work with compared to other clay-type of media.  It was dryer than what I was expecting even though it was well within it's expiration date.  It stuck to the packaging pretty badly so I had to scrape it out with my fingers, but then it was stuck to my fingers and somewhat difficult to mold.

Once molded and cured, it forms a pretty bond with what it's attached to - I had used some to form a seal on an aluminum container.

It's interesting stuff but I doubt I'd order more unless the cost is greatly reduced."
"Stick a head lamp on my hard hat? Done.
Fix my iPhone cables? Done.
Fix my broken shifter handle on the mountain bike? Done.
Nalgene bottle strap cracked and failing? Done.
Bathroom medicine cabinet knob lost so make a new one? Done.
Dimmer switch keeps falling off? Done.
Make the zipper pull on the lunch bag easier to grab? Done.
Fix global warming? In progress...... :-)"
It does everything you need a rubbery stuff to do and is super durable. I used it on my bicycle for custom grips on my handle bars. Also made a custom magnetic coupling for my bicycle mounted light.
"If you're a DIYer like me, you've got to get this stuff. It works exactly as described. One of the things I really like about it is that is stays malleable for a long time, allowing you to adjust and shape it exactly as you want. I've used epoxy is great, but often hardens before I can shape it correctly. I will be buying more Sugru because I keep coming up with more uses for it. Great stuff!"
Works exactly as described.  Even comes with a color chart to use multiple packets to make other colors.  Great product.
"....and we have gone through a couple of packs of this stuff now. We've used it for myriad projects --there are so many things you can do with it!-- and are always thinking of more. Your imagination is the only limitation, really.

It's very easy to work with and super-handy to have around. Last year we purchased several packs as Christmas gifts and stocking stuffers, and the recipients really seemed to be as intrigued with and fascinated by it as we were when we first got our hands on some."
"I read about sugru on lifehacker, and what I noticed was its use in repairing a dishwasher rack (how's about that for first-world problems?!). The cost of replacing the rack is a ridiculous $160 (thanks for that, Kenmore) so I tried this. Sugru works great, and is kind of fun.

Plan ahead so that you leave a full 24 hours on whatever item to cure and dry completely. I made my repair a month ago, and it was a total win. I even bridged a missing chunk of the rack with a random piece of metal, securing it at both ends with sugru, and it holds strong."
"This is the best thing since sliced bread.  Fixed the ends of my iThings cables.  Made bumpers for a battery pack.  Fixed sons cracked winter boots (yes, it works in subfreezing) Mounted magnets to an aluminum post and then hung things from them.  Yes, it holds to dissimilar metals/materials nicely.  I am on my sixth pack.  Amazon sells for the same as the manufacturer, however if you purchase through them, you get codes for 1/2 off at times :-)"
"Sugru is awesome, plain and simple. It's not a do all end all, but in many circumstances there's nothing better on the planet. I've used it to fix everything from garden spigot handles to zipper pulls. Other reviews are more extensive, so I'll just give it my highest praise and endorsement. OH, VERY IMPORTANT!! Use it by the expiration date! It really means something!"
"This isn't meant for a specific application. But once you have some, you'll always find a use for it. And whatever you use it for, it will work well normally. Be careful though, it does have an expiration date. I had a pack I lost in my house and by the time I found it the packs had expired and hardened."
"Having cut my leg on sharp steel edges of a sliding swivel vehicle seats, Sugru was the perfect solution.  Now the corners and edges are covered and the black on black cannot be seen.  It was easy to apply and worth the price for no more hurt!"
But it's easy to waste a lot if you only use a little of it at a time. Might need a better way to dispense it.
"Ever had something that was broken and you didn't want to throw it away because you knew it was fixable? Sugru will help you fix it! Imagine anything you can mold with playdoh, but it hardened, yet stayed flexible. This is sugru! It's saved me lots of money repairing things around the house."
Had to repair a pump housing and had used this before on a phone case so gave it a try and it worked great.
Love this stuff.  Used it to repair my headphones and sink soap dispenser.  Plan out how to use the whole small packet at one time since any not used will dry out.  But each packet is fairly small.  Keep unopened packets in the refrigerator to extend life.
"This stuff is sort of expensive for what it is. But if you've got a broken laptop cord to fix, or a broken set of headphones, or a billion other things, there really isn't a better alternative that I've found.

I've found using less is often helpful and it can be helpful to find something to lean it against while it sets (it takes a long time to fully form)."
Excellent for crafts and repairs.  Just be sure to keep it cold.  I find it can replace glue for many purposes.
Bought this after seeing what some people have been doing to fix stuff on you tube... I'm not that talented. Some people make flowering vines to cover a damaged teapot handle and other such stuff... Quite beautiful but I'm just a basic kind of girl. Yet so far it worked great! My crazy 5 year old broke our lamp shade off on the lamp where the metal joins together and I used this to fix it. The mixing directions were helpful if a little difficult to color match but as I was thinking I was going to have to make due with unmatched I can't complain much. It keeps for longer if you store it in the fridge which is great but I would still recommend either buying it after storing up a few broken items or sharing it with a friend who also needs to fix some stuff. As soon as it is exposed to air it starts to set and it's expensive so you really need to use it to make it worth while. I would buy it again but I think I might wait to open the pack when I have more than one project to repair.
"Not human feet, those rubber bumper feet on a bottom of the case for a large musical instrument. The original ones had finally crumbled away after 15 years, leaving the metal bolts exposed, and I asked a luggage repair shop what could be done. They could replace the feet, but would basically have to take the case apart and would need to keep it for several days. But then I remembered reading about this miraculous stuff called Sugru--so I ordered some, and it just took a few minutes to engineer some new feet (in snazzy colors). They adhere perfectly to the aluminum case. Yes, Sugru is a bit spendy, but considering what it would have cost me in money, time and inconvenience to take the case to a shop, it would be a bargain at twice the price. Next up: fixing an Apple charger cord and making a base for a Walking Dead action figure that won't stand up on its own. I'm not a habitual tinkerer, but this stuff may turn me into one."
"This stuff is expensive for the amount you get. I tried using it to modify some home-made Infrared goggles to block out the sun on some of the sides. Had to use at least 3 of these little packs to get somewhat what I wanted. This stuff is also very rigid, not as soft like rubber as I was expecting when it dries. The main issue though is the price. Not really worth it, unless it's the only thing you can use to complete whatever project you have."
"I absolutely love this.  I have been looking at it for quite some time to fix, hack, and modify different items I have.  What finally influenced me to purchase it was that my Bose earbuds were starting to get frayed where the wire goes into the plastic housing on the earbud.  These are not cheap headphones, so I wasn't willing to just let them go to waste.  After watching several different ""how to"" videos, I was confident that I could adequately repair my headphones.  As it turns out, I was absolutely right!  One mini pack was enough to reinforce the earbud cord on three sets of headphones and both ends of two iPod charging cables.  I then used half of another pack to replace the rubber bumpers that had been pulled off of my Kindle protective case (by fidgety children).  The remainder of that pack and an additional mini pack were used to create bumpers for two iPods.  Even after all of that, I still have five mini packs left!  That works out to those repairs costing just over seven US dollars.  I've seen many people complain about the cost, but that's one heck of a deal, to me!  I'm actually purchasing a second set of eight mini packs to repair the CV boot on my car.  Anyone who can't find things to do with this product is sorely lacking in imagination! :)"
"works perfectly! would buy just to find things to fix and seal.
site gives examples to help you find uses around the house."
My Dad thinks this is the new duct tape. I'm not so convinced. It's held fine to hard plastic but I tried to adhere a silicone encased light to my kids bike and it broke off. It says to allow 24 hours for full cure which I have given at least that long but hasn't held to metal to silicone or silicone to silicone. Husband is trying it to repair his shoes. We'll see how that goes. Perhaps it's just an issue with the silicone. Hopefully.
"This stuff is awesome. Absolutely perfect for repairing any sort of electrical cable - electrical tape is great, but it never seems to stay put & doesn't conform to whatever shape it's being used on.

So far I've used this to repair 3 iPhone cables (I was able to use one pouch to do this).  Next up will be my hair straightener - which has a power cord that's currently wrapped in duck tape (I had to splice it a few years ago & I constantly have to change the tape covering the spliced area out as it never stays put; of course there's electrical tape on the exposed wires - but this will be perfect for covering those areas & ensuring the electrical tape on the wires stays put).

But it would also be perfect for a large variety of other things - like covering a crack in a piece of glass or creating a waterproof seal for something...I can't even begin to think of how much stuff this could be used to fix, repair, or create.

The only thing I didn't like too much was the colors provided.  You get 8 pouches with this - one black, one white, 2 blue, 2 red, 2 yellow.  It just seems kinda strange to provide duplicate colored pouches & only 1 black & white pouch.  While I don't mind if my hair straightener has a blue rubbery bit to it (it currently has neon green duck tape on it...so not a problem for me) - it still just seems bizarre to include more of each colored one than of the basic/neutral colors."
So cool!  Fixed too frayed cords and heat protected a pot lid.  Gotta love the stuff.  Easy to apply and the clean up is a cinch.
"Absolutely awesome product!  I keep a counter top space for *2 sugru* projects and am knocking them off.  Did several wires, cords, buttons, bumpers, etc as others have and are on the Sugru website & UTube.

Since it's kind of specific and on the website, but others don't mention it here,  I thought I'd point out that cleaning Sugru off of your hands is much easier with toilet paper than with paper towels.  I expect there is a texture there than grabs small particles.

My favorite aspect of the product is the ability to add textures so it isn't nearly as noticeable as with smooth.  I like pressing nylon stapping to it (after a dip in soapy water).  That's my fav texture.

I find that the small size of the packet seems to be a comfortable size to actually apply before it starts to harden.  Bigger fixes take more which is why I'm on my third 8-pack in just over a month of use."
"I used this mostly for fixing fraying cables and reinforcing strain reliefs, and it performs quite well for those functions."
Kind of expensive for what you get!  Would rather have more product in one color instead of so little in severl colors!
"This stuff lives up to all the ""hype."" I don't know how I've lived without it for so long. Has now repaired at least 5 iPhone cables that my family had nearly ruined, and I'm always looking for something else that I can fix with my Sugru. Highly recommended product!"
"I fixed my $250 Toyota key for for a mere $20 with sugru. What a money saver! Easy to use, and the sugru site has great tutorials and suggestions for things to fix or improve with the product. We went on to fix laptop cords, zipper pulls and so much more - and that was all only with one pouch of sugru."
"I've used it to repair or improve many things:
- hand vac
- car trim
- car antenna
- dishwasher
- cordless phone belt clips
- lamp knob
- dishwasher drawer
- missing step-stool foot
- etc.

Withstands wet, heat, cold, pressure and more like a champ. Best fix-it thing to come around since adhesive. Get some today!"
Awesome product! I would and have recommend it to friends & family. You'll love all the things you'll think on where to use this product.
This made a nice repair to my daughter's Nintendo Dsi hinge.  Buying this saved a lot of money and time!
"My son saw this on the internet and kept wanting some.  Since it arrived, we have found many uses for it! Easy to use and clean up.  Has worked on everything we have tried to date."
"I got this mostly for power cords because the thin wire on the sides of the macbook power brick tend to break.  With the 8 little packs I strengthened 3 power cords, 4 iPhone cords, added bumpers to the corners of a trunk that was scratching the wall, and added bumpers to my sister's wheelchair because it was scratching the walls and beds and I had 3 packs left.  The colors were easy to mix and I want to find other things to use it on!"
"The concept of this stuff is brilliant, and it has literally endless options for using it to fix stuff (like iOS device cables), decorate stuff, protect stuff, and/or modify stuff.  As soon as I saw it I immediately thought of somewhere around 400 things to use it on, so of course I got some.  And when it came in I immediately went to town trying to fix an iPhone cable that was on the cusp of falling apart.  On the packaging, and all over the Sugru website there are pics of beautiful implementations of the stuff, and many were for cases like mine, so I was excited, thinking lot of people use it for just this and they come out great.

Well, turns out that, like w/ most things like this, the people at the company are MUCH more adept at using it than a laymen like myself.  The first go round turned into a disaster, and each subsequent time has faired only slightly better.  Don't get me wrong, the stuff is great and does what it claims...it's just not as easy as one may think to actually get it applied and looking nice.  I'd love to watch someone from the company do an iPhone cable (b/c it's white), b/c I stained the heck out of mine (the last 6"" on both ends are varying shades of white, gray, and black, and smudged and just not...pristine and white anymore.  Despite that though, the cable is definitely no longer breaking.

I tried using latex gloves, which actually made it 10x worse, so I've got to find some tighter gloves or maybe something to put on my hands so it doesn't stick to my fingertips so well. I definitely would recommend at least one tool, ideally a spudger, but anything small w/ at least one flat surface, and non-porous, like hard plastic or something.

Since I'm sure practice makes perfect I assume that if I were to continue using it I'd find more tricks and such to make it easier and more effective...and more aesthetically pleasing."
it is AIR CURING RUBBER. it comes out of the package like play dough and turns into a semi soft rubber after 24 hours. great for all types of projects and fixes. very fun stuff and you will find plenty of uses for it once you play with it and open your mind.
"Sugru is nothing short of amazing. I bought some and used it to fix my FM transmitter cable. Holds up really well. Do not use this to fix the broken-off handle of your measuring cups, because you will put too much milk in the cup and the sugru will crack and break. But very good for lots of other things."
"I've never bought this stuff before and found it off of PInterest or something and thought I would give it a try.  My iPhone's cord was frayed and I didn't want to pay what Apple was charging.  Anyway, one little pack of this was able to do the ends of 5 parts of cords, rather than just 1.  So, even if it is a bit pricey for so little of this putty like thing, each small amount covers quite a bit.

We haven't used it on anything but cords, so I cannot say for anything else.  But, hopefully this will help save or prevent some other cords from wearing and needing replacement, so I'm okay with the what I think is a steep price.  We let the putty stuff cure overnight and it's great.  It feels like plastic after it's dried (maybe because it is)."
Amazing stuff for repairing stuff. Just be sure to follow the instructions. Next time I will get the multi Color pack
This stuff works just like it says it should.  I have used it to reinforce power cords and build up rubber feet on electronic devices.  Nice product!
"I'd been looking at Sugru for a while as I had a few repair jobs I wanted to use it for, but I'd been put off by the relatively high price tag.

I can safely say that although it seems pricey, a little actually goes quite a long way. One mini-pack should be enough to repair a couple of USB cables.

Several of my older iPhone cables were failing at the end with the 30-pin adapter, the outer sheathing of the cable had broken free and was exposing the internal cables. I used part of a Sugru pack as pictured in the box to envelop both ends of the cable and provide a new protective layer. Sugru is perfect for this as once cured it's both strong and yet still flexible. I also used the other part of the mini-pack to repair an AmazonBasics Lightning cable which had a broken casing around the Lightning end of the cable.

My next usage was to use Sugru as rubberized feet on the bottom of my ottoman to stop it from skidding around and damaging the hardwood floor. I used a total of 2 packs for this task and made 4 domes of Sugru, one over each foot of the ottoman. This was left to cure for over 24hrs as I knew some of the product was pretty thick. This experiment turned out to be a total failure as the Sugru just tore free after only a short amount of use, but I think that's more because I was using Sugru outside it's intended operating levels, rather than a failure of the product itself.

The last use I put this to was in modifying my ProClip in-car iPhone holder to fit my latest iPhone 5. My ProClip holder was designed for an iPhone 4 within a case, so the naked iPhone 5 was too slim to be held and would just drop straight out the bottom of the holder. I formed the Sugru up on each side of the holder to account for the slimmer width, and then built up layers along the bottom to stop the phone from falling through. In the end only a single Sugru package was all that was needed, but it took a bit of trial and error to get it aligned perfectly without covering the phone with uncured Sugru."
"We used this to fix perfectly the cables that connect our macbooks to our iPhones, etc.  It is silicone solid when dry, and I am so pleased.  It also makes non slip feet for anything you might need it to, and non slip as well.  Many great uses."
I have used this product a number of times.  I used the black on my granddaughters flatiron.  The problem was the ends of the iron would get extremely hot. I rolled out a marble size ball of sugru and flattened it onto the iron near the end(did this on both ends) . Since sugru does not transfer heat it made a safe spot for her to hold while she styled her hair. Kept her from burning her fingers.
"Fixed my sisters iPhone charger that was fraying at both ends and a buckle on my waders that had cracked. Such a cool product. I can't wait to think of more things to use it on. At first I was afraid it was going to stain my fingers, but the residue wipes right off no worries."
"Like Sugru but wish they had a version that dried a bit firmer.  Something between Sugru and JB Weld would be great.  If you want something that will be semi-flexible when finished, this stuff is great."
"Every home, office and shop should have this stuff around.  It is surprising how easy it is to use and how many things it can do. In a few years it will be as inevitable as duct tape is now and baling wire was for my Grandpa.  If you can't find a use for this, I hate to tell you, then you must be completely addle-pated!"
"It came in handy a coule of times, but after a few months I realized the expiration date would soon be over, so I found myself actively looking for something to do with the four packets that were left. Eventually I made a few nice accessories with them, for the kids' room and the shower, but it's the kind of thing you'd want to keep for a much loger period of time, in case of emergency..."
I had a damaged USB cable that attaches to an expensive fingerprint reader. This dandy stuff made it better than original. Without it I would have ended up purchasing another $125 dollar fingerprint reader. I highly recommend it for fixing cables as advertised and I'm sure there are hundreds of other things that could be used on as well. Good stuff for sure
"I'm a fixer. I hate waste and having to buy things again when the original broke. There have been a few things around the house that I haven't had a good way to fix and when I read about Sugru the wheels started turning about all the things I could repair! I was a little skeptical on how amazing this product was supposed to be, but hopeful as well. I have only played with one of the eight packs that came in my order, but from that one pack I was able to replace the feet on my laptop, make bumpers for two baby gates so they don't slam into the wall when flung open and make a loud bang, made a tool for laying gold leaf (still have to test if it will work the way I am hoping), fixed the broken plastic that held my ukulele tuner to a clamp that goes on the instrument, fixed a toy train and remedied a really annoying squeak on an expensive stroller by making a layer to go between to pieces of plastic that would meet and rub. ALL WITH ONE PACKET!!! The only fix that didn't work was making an extension of a button on a remote that my daughter bit off years ago. The button is silicone and tiny, so it is no wonder that it didn't stick, but I have a second plan of attack for the remote next time I open another Sugru pack. I am really loving all the possibilities and things you can do with this product! I write down all my ideas of what to fix so that when I open a packet, I have enough projects to use the entire packet. It is very likely that I got my moneys worth with all the fixes I did from that first packet and I am super happy that I bought this stuff!"
"This is the best stuff ever. I have fixed damaged cords to my Wii which is great because 17 bucks fixed 4 Wii nunchucks instead of 80+ dollars to replace them. I have used it for hooks, pot handle wraps, and fixed my Track IR headphone mounted IR device. Well worth the money when used for fixing damaged items that might otherwise need to be replaced."
We have saved hundreds of $ on repairs thanks to this easy-to-use product.  Amazing product with endless possibilities.  Try it!
"Within a week of buying Sugru I had repaired a dozen cords, shock-proofed my son's camera, fixed my VW key fob and heat proofed the spot on my tea pot's handle that has been burning my finger for years. This may be the greatest stuff ever invented - after caffeine and beer, of course."
"Great stuff, I just hope someone else comes up with a competitive product that isn't so expensive; in fact I'm not sure yet but there might be this exact same thing - though maybe some utilitarian monocolor - out in the hardware store market right now."
"I love this stuff. Seems steeply priced, but works great for any number of uses, from molding earbuds to adding grips to a harmonica-holder."
"Normally, I would knock off a star on price but the more I use it, the better I like it. I have used it to repair a cup holder in the Audi, a bumper on a cabinet door, a small crack in the dash of my son's car, fixed a spot on an electrical cord, replaced a rubber bumper on my laptop screen and the most recent (and possibly most impressive) repaired the plastic of the rack on my buddies Nitro. Both sides had a crack about an eighth of an inch wide. The Sugru, a little time and the big trick, water with a couple drops of dish soap, and it looks just like I wanted it to. The other trick is to use a dry paper towel to get it of your hands. They have tons of information on their website with even more on YouTube. Highly recommended that the first pack you use is a trial play pack. Don't tackle the hardest thing that you want to look perfect first. Like anything else, start small and work your way up to it. Once the packs are exposed to air, they are done, use it or lose it. Plan accordingly, have a couple other things sitting ready to do, a little bit goes a long way. With a little time and development, you can make things look as good and in some cases better than the examples on their website. If Sugru is listening, I want this stuff in clear. I have uses already identified!"
"I found that the item worked as advertised, and I would recommend it to everyone. Buy Some as soon as possible"
So many things to fix.  I made a mistake in ordering this all black package but have already used it to fix my frayed Iphone charger cable.  Gave one packet away to a guy who fixes everything- he's saving it for a special project.
"I bought this for various contingency projects, but mainly to replace missing black rubber segments of my watch band. The consistency is a bit like Moon Dough for those with kids or a bit like maseca corn tortilla dough for those with culinary experience. The pot life is probably about the same as the latter- after 10-15 minutes it starts to get crumbly if you are still working it. Sugru cures by chemical reaction with the air, and I've not found any way yet to chemically extend its pot life or return it to moldability.

It worked well for my watch band repair, and the segments are nearly indistinguishable from the originals, except that the Sugru ones are a little less glossy, due to being a more porous. Because I live in a relatively arid climate and have read that Sugru will dry out over time, I've sprayed on silicone sealant after fully curing the Sugru, but expect it may take multiple coats of sealant to fully seal it and achieve the desirable gloss."
"Sugru SMLT8 Hardware Sealer, Multi Color, 8-Pack  IS A GOOD PRODUCT AND MY WIFE USE IT MANY TIMES IN OUR HOUSE."
"I had my doubts, but not any more. This stuff works great and it's easy to use. I repaired my broken TV Headphones in no time and they are back in service.  Bill"
I bought this based upon other reviews.  I have computer charger cords that have had the rubber shredded and the bare wire exposed.  This product comes in several individual packages.  I opened a pack that there is a black putty-like material that is easily malleable and form easily around the wire like putty would.  It dried within a few hours and was flexible and has stayed in place for the few weeks since I insulated the wire.  The material in a single pack allowed me to insulate about 10 openings and there was still half the material was left in the package and I still have several packages left to use.  I am very pleased with this product as I had used electrical tape before this that loosened and slid along the wire.
I like the flexibility of a air cured rubber. It allows me to repair all kinds of things around the house. The variety of colors in the pack is good too.
"Apple is good at two things: 1) emptying your wallet 2) making crappy over priced cables that break in 30 minutes. Sugru has been a great tool to save all of my splitting lightning and mag safe cables saving me tons of cash. It pays for itself on the first lighting cable you fix.
So many other uses as well. Great product."
works for several projects and I am very happy about that. very interesting new item.  will buy more when I have a new project.
"I recently bought some multi-packs of Sugru (this is my third or fourth purchase, plus I've sent orders to friends).  So far, I've hidden wiring on my dashboard in my car (just tuck the wires along the corners and make a long skinny bead of Sugru like a spaghetti noodle, and press it along the corner over the wire).  It holds forever, but if you want to remove it, just peel it off.  And I've fixed two shower racks (the kind that hang over the showerhead).  Now they don't swing and clang against the marble. And again, removable.  Oh, and hacked the knob on a kitchen sink strainer to make it easier to grab and lift out of the drain. All told, I've probably used Sugru for about a dozen projects, and it's never failed. A pack of Sugru in the mail is like a book of carnival ride tickets. Which one do you try first?"
This stuff is surprisingly effective. My son made legs to repair my broken toy horses.  Why is there a minimum word requirement?
"enough said...it really sticks and forms well, then cures with a fantastic strength due to its semi flexible nature.
I keep looking for more ways to use this stuff!"
"This product works as advertised, and I have repaired several things very nicely. However, the only downfall is that the product, after fully curing, is still easy to damage with things like fingernails or keys. I put this (most recently) on a phone case and on the edges of my phone where the case didn't fully cover it like I would like. It looks good, but for something handled daily and put in pockets/purses, it might not hold up as well as you'd expect. However for something you are little more careful with, like a pan lid or a charging cable, which doesn't normally get subjected to pockets, keys, and such, it holds up very well. I have also used it to repair the thumb sticks on my PS3 controllers (my son went through a phase where he kept picking at the rubber on them when waiting for a game to load), and the repairs have held strong for over a year. All in all, this is a very innovative product, but not as durable to daily use/handling as some would believe."
"I used for iPod cords , worked very well and could tell which way was up and kept it together so I didn't  have to buy a new one. Fixed a toy with it BUT ... Doesn't last long enough in the pkg to buy too much"
I have used it to repair a couple of electrical cords successfully.  Have gives packets to friends.  My daughter designs and constructs stage sets she will use this product in near future.
Very easy to use and excellent. I've only used one packet so far but I was able to repair my MacBook charger.
Good product that I bought as a stocking stuffer so it fulfilled its function fine.  Great addition to a fix-it kit.
"This stuff is awesome. Cant wait to work with it more. Love that it comes in individual packages so you don't have to figure out what to do with opened unused product. Shipped in plenty of time, packaged well and I would buy from this seller again. Thanks!"
"great product, does exactly as advertised, used to fix a key chain, strong and easy to apply, works a treat"
Sugru is an amazing tool for any self fix project. I used mine to preserve my electronics and add grips to my xbox controllers.
"I am not short of places where this little wonder goo is useful. For real, I'm loving it.

Just be warned that opening a single packet means you have to use the entire packet. You can't (easily) close the wrapper to re-use the remaining material (Believe me, I tried)"
I had read about Sugru for a long time.  I was getting worried that the cable on my computer charger was getting too much stress. Added some Sugru to my computer charger and know I have extended it's life by several years.  The Sugru was very easy to use and looks great.
Works even better than I thought it would. I used it to soften the sharp corners of a bed frame.
"Sure it has happened to you, something has broken or frayed and your only resort was to toss it because there is no way to fix things in this modern age of the throw-away.  Enter Sugru, a weird name but it will grow on you.  This is like amazing putty that you can mold and it will cure and become whatever shape you make it into or whatever you attach it to.  Truly amazing material!  I've now fixed cords, made a missing dial for an piece of equipment, and molded a broken part on my car interior and more.

Too good to be true?  There are some caveats, it isn't that cheap and there is an expiry date on the effectiveness of the product.  So you don't want to go crazy and fill a bin with the stuff just in case.  Buy as you need it. It's also kind of sticky to work with on your hands and hard to wash off, so you might want to use some painters gloves with it.  You've got about 30 minutes from opening the package to make what you want and it does take about 24 hours to completely cure.  So if you open a package, the clock starts ticking, don't expect to use part of it and store the rest.  It doesn't work like that.

But you can stick it to most anything and it comes in multiple colors which you can mix to create something of a specific color if you wish.

All told this is pretty cool stuff and I will be keeping it in the tool belt for fixes and making parts.  It's a definite winner!"
"Used it to fix the little tabs on the door to my laptop (the little place you get your cpu, memory, hard drive, ect.)  Tabs I made are stronger then the ones there before!"
I have used Sugru for sometime now and for a variety of different projects and hacks. I really like being able to reinforce these crappy charging cables that companies include with their products.
multipurpose solution for all little sticky challenges. Great for small circuit board issues and for fixing broken headphones - a must own
Got it for my dad and brother for xmas. They seemed pretty excited to try it out on various things or hobbies they have. The gears were turning. Wish the shelf life was longer...
It's all that and a bag of chips! You will love it! A great purchase. It does work wonders! :)
"I haven't seen how it stands up to long term use yet, but today I used one packet (white) to reinforce the strain relief on 7 MagSafe and iPhone chargers. I didn't expect to get so much out of one little packet!

One word of advice: the smell is pretty strong, so don't use this in a small office or you will have a headache for the rest of the day."
This stuff is really good.  I used it to repair several cables for my iPhone and it worked as advertised
I've only used this stuff so far for a few things but the possibilities are endless.  Used it to fix a lamp so far and to put rubber feet on a dish we have on the toilet tank.  I will find myself looking at things thinking of how this product can make it better.  I'm planning on using it for a custom grip on my dSLR.  But I could go on and on of ideas I've had.  It does what it says it does and does it well.  Wished it was a little cheaper but very definitely worth the cost.  I'll be buying tons of this stuff!
"This is certainly very useful in some cases. It works exactly as promised and is a great solution when you need a rubbery feel to the finished product. If you can use a solution that results in a flexible plastic, get Instamorph instead. Cheaper, re-usable, clean.

My complaints about Sugru are as follows:

- Very expensive. This stuff really isn't cost effective in a lot of cases. Fine for making little bumper feet, but not so cheap when it comes to stuff like replacing grips on tools and stuff (though it does work great for that).

- Messy and smelly. You'll need a scrub brush to get this stuff out from under your nails. It also smells bad. The smell is reduced when it dries though.

- Not re-usable.

- Doesn't keep. It will only last up to 6 months under ideal conditions.

- Doesn't store. Once you open a package, you better use it up. So you can't really use it for really small projects without using an entire package.

But aside from these issues, it's actually a great product. Easy to work with and seems very durable once it's set."
This stuff is fun. So many things to fix and customize with it --really does work like it says.  I am stingy in using it because I want it to last.
"You can fix anything with this stuff, and fix it in style. I was extremely impressed with how well Sugru sticks to other plastic surfaces. Once it dries, it is fairly rigid but with a gentle ""give"" and a little bit of flexibility. I used it to add friction pads to the vacuum-hose holder on my upright vacuum, and I used it to repair the cap of a favorite sports bottle, and both applications turned out extremely well. The hose never falls off anymore, and the free-space loop made of Sugru easily supports a carabiner for holding the water bottle. The intense colors go well with tools, toys, and many other items. This product does not disappoint!"
"This stuff is amazing.  There are tons of uses for it.  I have used it already to make a handle for the broken one on our crockpot and used it to repair tiling in our shower.  It is easy to use, does not have an offensive odor and comes in a variety of colors.  Only downside is that it is a bit expensive.  There are recipes to make it on your own, but I wanted to see how useful it is before I attempted that.  If I start using it extensively I will consider making my own, but until then, I am happy to buy a little at a time."
"Great stuff.  And invented by a fellow irish person.  Very very useful, but you need to be a little arty and creative to get the best out of it."
"This stuff is great.  If you do repairs and/or modifications to ANYTHING you need to have this in your toolkit.  It bonds and adheres to most surfaces (concrete, leather, rubber, glass, etc) and it replaces missing material.  You can hand-mold it to fill gaps.  It cures in about 24 hours to form a very tough yet flexible and resilient patch.  The ability to hand mold it is one of its best features.  If you use liquid material for repair you have to build containment for the liquid to keep it from running where you don't want it to be.  But this is in a soft putty-like form.  It stays where you put it and doesn't sag or run.  Since it is silicone rubber it is pretty much impervious to water, chemicals, etc when it is cured.  I have used it to repair shoes, automobiles, laboratory equipment, kids toys, everything and anything.  NO other material is quite like it.  I have been using it for about 2 years now and I count it among the most valuable materials I have for modification and repair."
"Easy to use and effective at fixing unusual problems.
Helped me temporarily fix some rust holes on our 1985 Westfalia.
The other fix was a sloppy shower head water pipe."
"This stuff is amazing. It's silicone little pads of joy that you mold onto ANYTHING to make whatever you're using better. To wit; I used it to mend a broken plastic laundry basket handle. I used it to strengthen and repair the worn-through insulation sheath at the plug end of an iPod charger cable. I put wads of it on sharp edges of things I don't want to bang into. I stick two items together with it, using it like glue. I love that it comes in tiny packets of just the right amount of the stuff - about the size of a wad of bubble gum. This amount will get you farther than you think! It's sturdy once cured. Once you start to use it and familiarize yourself with it's functional properties, a million more uses will pop into your head. Really great product!"
"Moldable, nice looking finish. I wrapped a small amount of it around my fraying cords to strengthen the end of my computer and iPad cords. Miracle product at first, but eventually splits where I joined it. I eventually replaced it with electrical tape. Maybe better for other uses than fraying cord repair."
Sugru is made from the breath of a magical rainbow unicorn that farts diamonds. I'm pretty sure you could fix gunshot wounds with this stuff. Maybe have cancer patients eat a packet every other day. They'll be good as new in a fortnight!
I'm able to fix household items in a much better way than with duct tape. Really love this new invention!
Awesome product works as advertised. Used it on my Dodo case to keep it from slipping on a table while in landscape mode as well as strain relief for cables.
"Amazing product.  Fixed a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses, made a hook for my PC headphones, and gave some to friends.  Very useful stuff.  Send some to a soldier overseas."
I heard about Sugru on the net and I can see why it has such a slavishly devoted fan base. I've since bought a few more packs as I used it literally everywhere.
"Definitely not working the way I thought it would.. It does dry but then it cracks. :-(  Maybe I am doing it wrong, but a few of us have tried."
"I used this product to girder my Sennheiser headphone cable where the cable connects through the headphone cup, and at the jack, where stresses are likely to lead to damage. If you've been through as many headphones as I, then Sugru will extend the life of your cans. This stuff is simply brilliant. It works exactly as described, and has so many great uses."
"Holy moly this stuff is out of this world! I thought I would be disappointed at first or maybe that it wouldn't work as expected, boy was I wrong! My first use was a KitchenAid mixer that had a missing handle. Molded it to the shape of the original, 24 hours later, bam, new one!"
I used this to repair my dishwasher racks and my garage gutter.  I will definitely purchase more once I figure out what else I can repair with it.
"It worked phenomenally and even shocked me that it is like rubber. I used it to seal up some gaps I was having with an air conditioner, and I also used it to make custom fitted ear pieces for my headphones. I would definitely buy more in the future."
Sugru is a pretty cool product.  The only issue is finding thing to fix.  I just have to remember that i have the ability to have a semi flexible solution.
It is just an awesome product. It does exactly what it says. I haven't found anything it can't fix or make better.
"This is a really neat product.  It does what it says. I would have given it 5 stars, but the colors of the product will get on anything you touch while handling the product. Now their are black fingerprints on the item I was using the sugru to fix."
"Not much to say - the five stars should speak loudly enough and if you're on this page you probably know how extremely useful and fun sugru is. It's like a really important tool, like a screwdriver or hammer, that didn't exist yet - but now it does! Get it!"
"If you have ever had a need for a ""DIY Fix/Project,"" this is the stuff to do it with!!! Anyone can use it and it's super simple to use! I have used plenty for camera grips, cord fixes, and every other idea comes to mind! I will never be without Sugru around my home!

Pros: TOO MANY to list!
Cons: All these mini-packs! Sugru needs to make a JUMBO PACK or Resealable Jar or something!

Also, I have Insta-Morph moldable plastic that I use with my ""projects"" as well. It's great as well, but it needs to be heated and once dried it turns to hard white plastic. Sugru has an AWESOME ""hard rubber"" feel once it is cured and can be sculpted! Very easy to use! The good thing is, if you don't like the end result........just pick it off!! Clean-up is a Breeze! You won't regret buying this!"
A wonderful product that more than met my expectations. Forms into place easily and it's remarkably resilient once cured. I will definitely recommend it to others and purchase it again.
Did just what it said it would do.  Only problem is you have to use the whole package and to keep it for any length of time it must be stored in the fridge.
"I used sugru mostly to fix broken plastic pieces in electronics.  It works well since it adheres to plastics and stays flexible.  I know there was some research that went into this, but it's just too expensive."
"This stuff really works.  If you are looking for something to foix lots of little things, this could be your answer."
"Sugru is bang-on great.  Just make sure you don't try shortcuts like skipping over ensuring surfaces are clean and oil-free, or not kneading the  Sugru for a while to make sure it's fully consistent.

I've used Sugru on my car's gas cap to keep the metal from hurting my fingers when I turn it.  I've used it on pot lids.  I've installed a bathroom fixture with it instead of using screws.  I've made little dots on all my USB and other cords so I can feel without looking which side is 'up'.  I've coded house keys, made drawer and door bumpers, and more. This stuff isn't cheap so plan ahead, think about how you can use leftover since you only have about half an hour at most to fiddle with it once it's exposed to air.  I keep mine in the refrigerator with a 'use by' date on it of 18 months beyond purchase."
"Works exactly as described and totally cures in 24 hours, so far I have repaired frayed cords, made bumpers for the backs of frames and the bottom of figurines, and made grips for a wrench.  There a lot of great ideas for how to use this stuff on the sugru website as well as the instruction pamphlet itself. With some ideas you have to be a good sculptor to make it presentable. I wore gloves because mixing the colors to make custom colors really can stain your hands and nails. I did about four small jobs and it ate up pretty much all of the product so it can get expensive if you have a big plans for this stuff."
"impressive stuff, sticks to most anything and does as noted. be creative with it and almost endless applications and use"
"Great product.  Used it to fix my iPhone charger cord that came apart.  I just molded it at the end where the wire meets the plug.
Store it in the fridge for longer life."
It worked great. I used it on a keyboard to level the feet and make it a little less slippery on the desk.
Awesome product! I was able to fix a bunch of stuff and turn it from junk into useful items once again.
"I have been seeing references to Sugru around the DIY community for a while, but had never worked with it myself before.  I found it extremely easy to work - like a soft modeling clay.  (It stinks, though!)

The colors can be mixed to create a variety of other colors.  The package even has a helpful chart of what colors to mix to get which other colors.

It kind of lingered on my hands a little bit, even after I washed them.  If you imagine a super-soft clay, you can kind of imagine how it would be a little ""sticky"" or ""clingy.""

Pretty amazing stuff!"
"I love the idea that I can fabricate my own bits and bobs and things with this stuff. I have had it for weeks now and look happily at the colored blobs of clay like stuff thinking that I am going to fix my world and have had many ideas of things I might use it for - but in actual reality I just am not using it. Still there is something to be said for possibility, for owning possibility in small packets and I am glad to have this inventive substance even if utility is thus far only inferred."
"I've used this to cover the metal handle of a tea kettle lid, to make it easier and cooler to grab.  The kettle gets used several times a day.  There was a little left over, so I coated some needle nose pliers so that they wouldn't leave marks when I use them to grip soft metals.  So far, so good.

The Sugru was very easy to use.  I took it out of the fridge about an hour before I used it, and it was very soft and pliable.  I rolled it around to soften it up, then rolled it into a long cylinder to wrap around the lid handle.  Once it was in place, I pressed it down to spread it out and cover the area where I grip.  When I realized I had some left over, I grabbed the nearest pair of pliers (the ones I use most often,) wiped them on the back of my hand, and covered about 1/4 inch of the jaws.  Then I washed my hands, and with soapy hands I smoothed out the Sugru on the lid handle and then the pliers.  It looked a lot better that way, and probably improved the grip surface of the pliers a bit.

You're supposed to let this cure for 24 hours, which I didn't do with the lid.  There is no way I'm going 24 hours without caffeine.  I obviously didn't clean the pliers properly first, either.  The lid handle is exposed to heat and steam several times a day, and the pliers are used a few times a week, and so far they're both holding up well.  The lid handle is no longer slippery and is well insulated against the heat.

I often use&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Tool-Magic/dp/B007AMUJCA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Tool Magic</a>&nbsp;to coat tools when I'm going to be using them on dead soft metals, and it smells nasty and carries lots of warnings about using it in a well-ventilated area and keeping it away from flames.  It also doesn't last very long and needs to be reapplied frequently.  So far a thin coating of Sugru has outlasted the Tool Magic and was not unpleasant to apply.  Sugru's disadvantages here are that it's a bit more expensive and doesn't keep as long--I've never had a jar of Tool Magic solidify, but a sealed pack of Sugru will last for six months, or a year if you keep it in the fridge.

I've gotten a lot of good ideas at the Sugru website, where they encourage idea submissions.  Looks like Sugru will do a lot of cool things and I've seen it will hold up well to heat and steam, and last a long time on tools.  If it were a bit more affordable I'd keep it on hand for all kinds of projects and repairs.  Given the cost, though, I suspect I'll be using it for things that can't be fixed any other way."
"I was skeptical when I received this, but it really works as advertised.  It can be molded to any shape, and adheres to most surfaces.  It's a clichd phrase, but it really does have 1001 uses.  I always try to keep some on hand for various projects or repairs."
"I've only used it for two items but it was so much fun to work with and has performed perfectly, so far.

The first item is to make bumpers for my portable battery pack. I use a super slim  spare battery for my phone as my wallet. It's just slightly larger than a credit card. The Sugru helps keep my credit cards and cash from sliding out when it's in my pocket. It's difficult to explain but the take away from this is that the Sugru sticks to the metal of the battery and holds up to the stresses of being jostled around in my pockets.
The second item is a holder for my phone in my car. I'm pretty picky about just putting up ugly things in my vehicle so it's discreet but it works well.

I realize that the above items don't directly describe the product but that's part of the point. Sugru is just incredibly versatile. If you think you have a use for it, you probably have a use for it.

As far as working with the raw material, it's a little harder than I expected which is the main reason I took off a star. It was hard to form it without getting my fingerprints embedded in the material which drove me nuts. I would *strongly* suggest using your first pack as practice and just know that you might throw it away.

Final Verdict:
A really neat product that can save the day if you have the right project in mind. Check out their website for lots of other great ideas (some more plausible than others)."
"It performs as it advertises. Extremely versatile. I made a handle, fixed a chip on the refrigerator, plugged a leaking crack in the acrylic bathtub. It can be painted. I especially love that it is waterproof. Easy to use. I always keep it handy in the refrigerator. Can't live without it. When I run out, I order more immediately. A DIY woman's best friend."
"Sugru is like Mighty Putty for the cool crowd, getting a lot of publicity on sites like Lifehacker. My kids' various ipod and other charger cables have become frayed from constant use and pulling, and since there's a picture of a Sugru'd ipod cable front and center on the package, I figured that's where it would shine.

It shone - for a couple of weeks. The putty hardened quickly and seemed solid, but it couldn't hold up to the pressure of kids plugging and unplugging the cable, and cracked in half. Same thing happened when I tried to repair a beheaded Barbie.

The only real success, so far, was reattaching a globe to its plastic stand. The blue Sugru looks enough like the blue plastic stand to blend in and not look obviously repaired at first glance. (see photo)

Sugru may be rubber, but it dries hard like Elmer's Glue, not flexible like silicone caulk. Thus using it to repair something flexible like a cable might cause it to break. Electrical tape is much better for cable repairs. Sugru's biggest strength seems to be its heat resistance; it's probably best for insulating pot handles or doing repairs or enhancements in your car."
"I tried this sealer on two occasions and had a success only one time.

First I tried to glue a metal clamp to a delicate painted particle board part. After the suggested 24 hours, the two components were fastened to my satisfaction. There is no significant load bearing on this assembly and the glue is still holding up nicely after one week.

My second try was to use it in plumbing - to connect a plastic hose end to the sink escape hole. That never worked probably either because there was some remnant moisture in place or because there was not enough grip to hold.

In both cases, I found that the material was hard to use. Yes, it feels like play dough, but when it comes to application, the product crumbles and hard to use.

I have a couple of more projects in mind to try this sealer. If my experience dramatically improves, then I will remember to come back and post an update.

In general, I didn't like the product."
"The sugru is very handy stuff for making small repairs on household items. I repaired some cords that had become worn. I managed to tape down a piece of formica that was coming loose on my kitchen counter, just when i was thing ""try granite counter tops"". Thank goodness I caught it in time.!"
"I have ordered this a few times and I am about to order more, It is very easy to use and color,"
"I was really excited at the prospect of what this stuff could do. I have so many chargers for a variety of phones, Kindle, iPad, laptop and other stuff like a pair of headphones which tend to pull apart over time near where they plug into each device. In the past, I have attempted to use liquid plastic, electrical tape and other items to better secure these cables to no avail.

The first couple of times I tried Sugru, I apparently did not put enough down the length of the cable and thinned it out too much. Because of how expensive this stuff is, I was trying to be conservative. In addition to the high price, it also has a short shelf life, further making the overall expense much higher.

I had to use much more of the stuff than I expected to get the result I wanted. I am not sure how long it will hold, but to me, if it does not last until I no longer use or need the cable then I might as well spend the money on a cheap replacement instead of spending the money on Sugru.

Another negative for Sugru was the color bled badly onto my hands. I wish I had read some other reviews about wearing gloves when working with it.  It is harder to manipulate Sugru with gloved hands, but the color bleeding makes it a necessity.

I am sure there are other uses for this stuff which may well make it worth the price.  However, for the immediate needs I had, it did work once I used enough but I simply could not justify the price vs simply replacing the cables that were coming apart."
"I've read about Sugru many times, and I've wanted to try it, but never had a reason to justify the expense. Thanks to Amazon Vine, no justification is needed! But what I did need was something to use it for... I ended up using some to form a new zipper pull on a backpack. It worked flawlessly! Hopefully, it'll be as durable as advertised.

I also used some more to make the handles on a stock pot heat resistant (I read the directions from Sugru.com). That was a little more complex, and took some more finesse, but it worked out pretty well - it may not look perfect, but it works!

But with it's short, 6-month shelf life, this is something I'd only buy if I had a specific project in mind, and even still, at it's current price, there may be better alternatives."
"When the description stated ""self-setting rubber"", I expected the final product to be rubbery. Not so.

Sugru is a room-temperature vulcanizing rubber sold in large and small packs. First of all, it's better to buy this in small packs unless you have a large item to fix. I found one mini pack actually more than I needed for a small project, so I had to go hunt for another item to fix in order to use up the pack. It would have been nice to have a re-sealable package, but I would imagine that once air gets into the package, that's it.

So, I went about trying to fix a phone headset that had broken. I use the headset for conference calls on my landline. The slider that adjusts the headset snapped in one place, and super glue wouldn't hold it at the break point. Given the cautions in the instructions, I decided to use a thin pair of non-latex gloves to handle and form the Sugru to keep this stuff off my hands.

Opening the package, the Sugru was sticky. It was soft like dough. I rolled it into a ball and started to form it around my headset. It squished around quite a bit, and I couldn't tell if I was able to remove all the air bubbles from beneath it. It was also frustrating to get this stuff smooth and even. The pics on the front of the package must have been made using molds (and photoshop), because my result...not so pretty. (I will upload a pic). I did use the outside of the package as a smoothing surface, placing the package onto a surface and burnishing it with my finger. But as I did this, it caused my join to shift, so I had to forego looks for getting a good fix.

BUT, it worked. It hardened nicely after the 24 hour cure period. Note that this is more like a rubberized plastic than a softer, flexible rubber. It is solid and seems strong enough to withstand the pressure of the stretch needed to hold the headset on my head.

I'm glad that I used gloves when handling this stuff, because given the color of the gloves after working this stuff...it was nasty.

Overall, I like Sugru for fixes like this. It's a bit pricey for what you get, but then again, there aren't a lot of alternatives for this kind of application."
"While I was not impressed with the price at first (you don't get very much - 8 tiny packets for $18), I was very impressed with the product. It feels and works very much like clay to repair/cover/replace various components of whatever. After letting it ""cure"" overnight, it's absolutely solid. Sugru is oven proof, freezer proof, water proof you name it which makes it very versatile to use. The small amount you receive in each packet is certainly not enough to go crazy on big jobs. Think small ... very small! For instance, our cables to the various chargers were getting pretty frayed from repeated use. Sugru wrapped easily around the cord and became a part of it. Granted, it's not pretty unless you are artistically gifted, but then again who cares if your wires are pretty, right? Other than a limited amount in each packet, the only other downside is not having enough small things to repair. It's not like you can store it very well. The remainder in the packet we opened  hardened up on us before we could use it again. Would it have been cheaper to just buy new cords/chargers instead of repairing the ones we did? Possibly, but then we did repair a $100 pair of headphones ... which, alone, made it worth the $18 price tag. We also wouldn't have had the fun of playing with sugru if we didn't purchase it. It really is a novelty and works well. I would like to see the price come down just a wee bit to make it worth using more. Or maybe add more packets? One big bonus - it comes in different colors."
"It works as advertised. I tried using it to fix my flaky laptop power cord, but it was too soft prior to curing to be an effective solution. It worked for the primary purpose I purchased it for - fixing my USB thumb drive. Overall it's good and has a million potential uses."
"Sugru has got to be one of the miracle products of the last 50 years.  There are a zillion uses for it.  I have used it on my cereal bowl, my juice glass, my phone cord, and my bow grip, just to name a few."
"Everyone has shared the same amazement at the ease to use this product.  Especially when dealing with things
like screen doors and bathroom tile, heavy use areas with water issues, its wonderful to find something that does the
job, is affordable, easy to use for the do-it-yourselfer, and actually looks nice too!
  Thanks for creating a product I'll be using for the rest of my life!"
"While Sugru can't repair everything it makes you want to try due to its convenience, low mess and fun factors; there are any number of silly ""Instructables"" touting all the things you can do with it. Nonetheless, it is a great tool to have for a quick and neat repair when you need a pliable electrical insulating material for your electrical or tech gadgets.  For me Sugru was a very quick and easy way to make a small replacement pad for my car's brake light switch.  I simply rolled up a uniform small ball of Sugru and squashed it down to nickel size with a nickel. Since it is under pressure in the electrical switch I let it set for 36 hours and then glued it in place with a two part epoxy without disassembling the switch. I used the rest of the same 5 g pack in an attempt to fix the delaminating soles of a pair of water sandals.  Sugru failed for shoe repair; I should have stuck with the old standard&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Shoe-Goo-II-Clear/dp/B007YVX640/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Shoe Goo II (Clear)</a>&nbsp;which worked much more effectively for my  sandal repair.  Next up for us are some easy custom replacement bumpers for the bottom of an small kitchen scale and a replacement gasket for an older Asus tablet. Just don't think that you can fix everything with it.

Store the unopened packages in your refrigerator for 18-month shelf life. Sugru also sells some additional package sizes and color mixtures directly (up to 100 gram size) which I hope Amazon will offer eventually. This multicolor pack is a good item to have on hand to explore with that can also easily save you both time and money."
"I am very pleased with this product. It is like using puddy and when you get it formed into the shape you want, it will become a solid and stays that way.

I used this on the edge of a cloth windshield sun shade I use in my car in the summer time. The shade has a metal edge on the inside, but the cloth has worn away exposing the metal edging. The metal gets really hot from the sun so if you touch it you will get burned.

So I used this to cover the exposed metal on the edge of the sun shade. I used one packet to cover four different areas on the sun shade several weeks ago, and they are still in place."
"Sugru truly is amazing.  I worked alongside product designers who never cease to amaze me with their creative uses of this product.  It's like Fimo&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Fimo-Soft-Clay-10-Color-Assortment-25-g-blocks-assorted-colors-box-of-10/dp/B004BNGIF8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Fimo Soft Clay 10 Color Assortment 25 g blocks assorted colors box of 10</a>&nbsp;but doesn't require heat for it to cure.

I've used it to repair broken plastic edges on appliances, to round corners that I kept bumping into, and to make a short screwdriver a lot longer.  I agree that it's more expensive than some of the alternatives, but having a matching color is crucial for certain items, and can assist in creating a more realistic looking prototype when there isn't time to paint."
"This stuff is pretty neat! I used it to repair a polly pocket doll for my daughter (see pictures). We had tried to glue it previously but it popped open in the repaired spot again, and superglue would've made the legs not bend or the waist twist. I decided to give this stuff a go & it works great to repair the doll.

The front of the polly's waist/pelvis area popped off and inside two legs attach, plus the waist rotates side to side. If you don't glue it right then the legs won't move anymore, nor will the waist twist, so it was a tricky thing to repair (and, of course, this particular polly HAD to be repaired as it was one of my daughter's favorites and no longer sold). I was able to repair the doll body with this stuff w/o sacrificing the movement of it's legs and in a way that it almost can't pop open again. I used a few small balls of it to ""glue"" the previous attachment points inside, then rolled a narrow band of it and put around the outside, sort of like a belt, to further support it staying together. I'm sure I could've worked a bit more and matched the color exactly, but the green I came up with was close enough for us.

re: some of the criticisms on other reviews:

expiration date - who cares? Almost everything has an expiration now days and you can typically ignore that unless it's food you're worried will expire. I can't imagine this stuff is going to suddenly decompose or solidify in their air-tight packets on the expiration date. I'm not worried about this, and if I remember to look June of 2014, I'll update my review to let you know if it did self destruct or whatever people are worried will happen.

Wasted after opening packet - I cut a corner of the packet and used my nail on the outside to push some out of the slit, then pressed it down along the slit where there was still some of the rubbery stuff. Essentially, I didn't let any air into the packet, and the rubbery stuff at the slit resealed it for me. I can squeeze the rest of the packet (away from the slit) and it's stil pliable, so I'll be able to still use the rest. If you open the whole thing up, then of course, it will dry out. Just be careful about how you do it and the rest will not be wasted.

-----

I think this stuff is pretty neat and super handy to have around. I'll keep it on the shelf next ot my duct tape and super glue, as it's one of those type things that can come in really handy, and can fix stuff the other two might not be able to fix. I like that there are colors that can be mixed, and if you're careful you don't have to waste the rest of the packet you open. Pretty neat stuff - I like it!"
"I have used it to fix things around the house.  Next I will work on my car.  I added bumpers to my cell, my wooden cutting board, trivets, pottery, rack feet on my gas stove. I added support to wire connector jacks to my computer.  I am looking at my door gaskets next.  It is easy to work with."
"First of all, this little pack is rather expensive for $18, however, when you think of the money you'd have to pay to fix certain things, it's a drop in the bucket. For broken pieces on appliances, household items, to make homemade ""hooks"" where you wouldn't be able to use anything else, is great, however, the colors make the ""fixes"" rather obvious, and unless you're Michelangelo, your modeling/sculpting expertise is probably lacking, which is another bad thing-how to make the repair look acceptable.

However, that said, this is an amazing product, and when nothing else will work, you'll feel so happy that you have this on hand. It's one of those, you don't realize what you were missing until you've used this; therefore I give Sugru 4 stars."
"I love this stuff!  It has the consistency of Play-Doh when you open the packets and is easily molded into shapes and sticks to most materials.  It's great for fixing things that I wasn't able to fix before and to make some other things more user friendly. It seems expensive but the repair on my vacuum alone would have cost more than the whole package if that part was even available. A multi color 8 pack came with eight 5 gram packets. There were 2 red, 2 blue, 2 yellow, 1 white and 1 black. The product is waterproof, UV resistant, electrically insulating and dishwasher proof when cured. Curing takes 24 hours.  But it starts to harden after  about half an hour.  I was still able to make some changes on one of my projects over an hour later but it was noticeably firmer. When cured it will withstand temperatures of -58 degrees F to 356 F.  When it's cured it has the bendability similar to an electrical cord.  The thicker it is, the less bendable it becomes. It seems pretty strong, especially a thick piece.

I'm adding a video showing these things that I used it with:

I repaired the cord holder on a vacuum cleaner that had broken off. It works great now, better than the original. I used 1 packet of red for this.

I added some to a plug of a air popper that didn't have an on/off switch and had to be unplugged to turn off. Now it's easier to grab hold of and the shape of my Sugru-thingy makes it easy to wrap the cord when putting it away. The adaptor took 1 packet of yellow.

I used 1 packet of yellow mixed with about a tenth of a packet of black to make sort of a brownish color to stick some leaves back on a silk tree. I had tried glue guns and florist wire previously and neither would stay on because some of the little nubs that hold the branches had broken off. The Sugru worked perfectly. I repaired about 7 branches but I think I could have used less and done more.  I have lots more to do.  Now the only problem is I can't see a place to purchase just the yellow without all the other colors. I'm going to need lots of yellow.

I used the rest of the black packet to add some drag to the part of a paper towel holder that holds the towels. According to reviewers, the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/simplehuman-Quick-Load-Paper-Towel-Holder-Stainless-Steel/dp/B00068M52C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">simplehuman Quick Load Paper Towel Holder, Stainless Steel</a>&nbsp;worked well for tearing off single sheets at the time it was first manufactured. But as paper towels got smaller and the cardboard in the middle got bigger over the years, the towels now just spin when you try to tear them off.  A ring of Sugru adds more drag to the roll so they tear off easier.  But I'm going to have to increase the size of the Sugru ring  to have it working the way I want. It's no wonder some of those paper towel rolls look big (super jumbo)  but get used up so fast. They're mostly air in the middle!

I used a blue packet to add some bumpers to a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Logitech-915-000201-Harmony-Ultimate-Remote-with-Customizable-Touch-Screen-and-Closed-Cabinet-RF-Control-Black/dp/B00BQ5RY1G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Logitech 915-000201 Harmony Ultimate Remote with Customizable Touch Screen and Closed Cabinet RF Control - Black</a>.  We have porcelain tile floors in our family room and I think it's only a matter of time before somebody drops that remote on the floor. I couldn't add it to the very bottom because it has to fit in the charging cradle. Yeah, I know, the Harmony doesn't look as sleek anymore.  But I think I have enough protection on the thing that it at least has a chance. Better Sugrued than dead!

I had one packet that didn't appear to have been opened that was already hard. I emailed Sugru customer service and they replied in less than 12 hours. Great customer service!

I still have the white packet and one red one left.  I may use the red on the bottom cord holder of that vacuum because the Sugru one is larger and so much easier to wind the cord around.  I'm thinking that this stuff will work great for repairing holiday decorations that have gotten broken over the years but that we can't bear to throw away because of the memories. This year there's Sugru! This is such a fun product.  I can't wait to find even more uses for it.

Update 9/15/13 - I used a .5 gram packet of black Sugru to repair the shoulder strap of my black leather purse that was starting to shred. It would have broken in another month or so. (I'm hard on purses!)  I also used a white one to bridge the gap going around a rounded corner using this stuff&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Wiremold-C10-Cordmate-Cord-Channel-White/dp/B000BVXW08/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Wiremold C10 Cordmate Cord Channel, White</a>&nbsp;I just molded it over the cord from one channel to the other. The corner parts that were made for this purpose were too sharp of a corner and kept coming off.  The Sugru looks MUCH better and I think it will stay more firmly attached.  These were both new orders.  I'm finding new uses every day for Sugru."
"This product is great for all sorts of custom jobs.  I love the idea of being able to custom-fashion whatever rubbery thing I want, without heat (like the rubbery polymer clay).

Recently I had to give some pills to my sick cat, and the pill pusher they sent me home with was too small to hold the size of pill I had to give her.  So I got a second pill pusher and fashioned a larger rubbery pill grip that greatly helped.  I don't know that it is food safe for long term use, but for this short period of time it made the difference.  My next job is going to be to make a custom case with a safety leash loop for my activity tracker (I'm going to use a wire armature for the loop).

There are some good tips for using this product in other reviews and online, such as using a kneaded eraser to practice what you're going to make, and using soapy water to get a smoother surface.

I wish it cost less and the shelf-life were longer.  I'm going to try the refrigeration trick mentioned here, but the fact that it won't last a long time will help motivate me to actually use it rather than hoard it for future jobs.  I wish there were larger packets available, though I understand why the packets are so small.

Note that the packages have a sell-by date which adds a few months to the 6 month use-by date, depending on how fresh the stock is.  My packages had a sell-by date 2 months away, and thus the use-by date for me is 8 months away from when I acquired the package, which I hope to extend by refrigeration."
"I think I've yet to unlock this products full potential but I did do a minor repair on an iPhone cable just to test it and it works as expected.  Due to the cost and small amount of product, you really need to weigh the fix vs. replace cost.  For something that you can't find a replacement part for or to make something unique, this product has legs!"
"I don't know what use others find for Sugru Hardware Sealer, but personally I use it to build up the height of my saxophone palm and side keys, to build them to an optimum height for my relatively large hands. Sugru allows customization which is even better than buying those ready-made black key height adjusters which may or may not work for any individual who might need just a little or really a lot of adjustment.

Sugru is a useful compound for a variety of situations and now that I have it, I can't imagine my workshop being without it. Yes, I'm one of those people who wants materials handy for as yet unknown projects and delights in products like Sugru."
"I used Sugru to fix the arms of my sunglasses.  The ends of one of the arms had snapped off when I tried to adjust it and these sunglasses were sitting around useless.

When I first opened up the black Sugru packet, I massaged a small ball of the product between my fingers and it did indeed have a play-doh-like texture to it.  I also noticed that the black color of Sugru transferred to my fingers (which washed off later with a bit of scrubbing).

I applied the Sugru to the end of one arm of my sunglasses and shaped it as best as I could with my fingertips ... if you would like a more professional and smooth look, I would recommend using a spatula or some other hard-ish surface since my final product clearly shows fingerprints and an uneven surface.  After shaping, I allowed the Sugru to cure at room temperature for about 24 hours and was amazed (though I shouldn't have been since this is how the product is advertised) that it cured to a soft rubbery, non-sticky surface that feels very durable.  It even bonded quite nicely to the arm of my sunglasses so it doesn't feel like it will slip right off.

After this first test, I decided to try using on the other sunglass arm ... luckily not too many days had passed, but much of the Sugru has cured in the packet, even though I thought I had sealed it very well.  There was enough of the uncured material to fix the other arm.  I wish the packets had a ziploc-type seal to them to better preserve Sugru between uses on smaller projects."
"I had a lot of fun playing, I mean working, with Sugru. A rubbery substance, worked like Play Doh, was easy to use and made repairing headphone cords simple.  I fixed a chipped, cracked plastic case of an expensive vintage over the ear 'phones in just a few minutes.  Its too soon to know how durable it will be, but it seems sturdy enough.

This stuff works great, but is to pricey for me.  At $18 for 8 small packets, the price is just too much for me. I am a thrifty guy, so next time, I will color coordinate my plastic electrician's tape for a repair."
"Sugru is amazing for a hundred little hacks around the house and office.

Trying to hold phone cables up to your desk surface? Sugru custom cable mount. Weak spot where cables connect to plugs? Reinforce with Sugru. Earbuds never fit quite right? Tweak them with Sugru. Trouble gripping a tool? Add a Sugrip!

I had loads of fun mixing the little packets to make custom colors - periwinkle blue, light grey, apple green - to complete my projects. A quick check of the internet showed at least one technique for re-sealing partially used packets, and they are still soft after several weeks in the refrigerator.

The only failure was my application of Sugru on a slick plastic surface; things looked good until I applied pressure, then the Sugru popped off. I suspect the surface would have benefited from more prep.

I spent some time with a friend who is an occupational therapist, showing her Sugru's unique properties; she was very excited about the potential for customizing implements and tools for her clients. Endless uses for those with hand difficulties!"
It is not epoxy in that you do not have to mix it.  It comes out of these little packets like rubbery playdoh.  You can mash it and it forms into a whatever shape you wish.  I used it to patch a leather and metal handle.  The material adheres to clean surfaces.  Give it a few days and then it hardens.  Seems to result in a fairly sturdy repair.  Will report back if otherwise.
"These are nice little packets of silicone putty.  The putty is quite firm and fairly easy to work.  It sets in 24 hours to become a very firm silicone blob.  It doesn't seem to stick much while being worked, but boy does it develop a bond while it sets.

The packets really don't hold much material.  You won't be putting a rubbery surface on a tool with this stuff because there isn't enough material for that sort of job.  Other than that, it's fine for, well, stuff.

For my first test, I worked it into the tines of a plastic fork.  It set overnight.  It ain't moving.  Those plastic forks are fairly slippery but the sugru won't budge.  Impressive.

Next test was to encapsulate some wire splices.  I had already soldered the wires together which makes applying heat shrink a pain.  So, I gobbed sugru around the wires.  That seemed to work.  It should be water tight and it sure protects the wires inside.  It probably won't stand up to being bent though.

Anyways, Sugru is nice to have around for the occasional light repair.  It has the general feel of something that you end up using more and more for quick fixes.

The obvious comparison is epoxy putty.  Epoxy putty is wonderful, but you really should wear rubber gloves when working with epoxy putty.  Silicone putty is safer and easier to use.  Pricey though."
"<div id=""video-block-R2VBS1MURVCKG7"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D18%2BWDhmoeS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91rqsdFn1tS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I love this stuff!  It has the consistency of Play-Doh when you open the packets and is easily molded into shapes and sticks to most materials.  It's great for fixing things that I wasn't able to fix before and to make some other things more user friendly. It seems expensive but the repair on my vacuum alone would have cost more than the whole package if that part was even available. A multi color 8 pack came with eight 5 gram packets. There were 2 red, 2 blue, 2 yellow, 1 white and 1 black. The product is waterproof, UV resistant, electrically insulating and dishwasher proof when cured. Curing takes 24 hours.  But it starts to harden after  about half an hour.  I was still able to make some changes on one of my projects over an hour later but it was noticeably firmer. When cured it will withstand temperatures of -58 degrees F to 356 F.  When it's cured it has the bendability similar to an electrical cord.  The thicker it is, the less bendable it becomes. It seems pretty strong, especially a thick piece.

These things that I used it for:

I repaired the cord holder on a vacuum cleaner that had broken off. It works great now, better than the original. I used 1 packet of red for this.

I added some to a plug of a air popper that didn't have an on/off switch and had to be unplugged to turn off. Now it's easier to grab hold of and the shape of my Sugru-thingy makes it easy to wrap the cord when putting it away. The adaptor took 1 packet of yellow.

I used 1 packet of yellow mixed with about a tenth of a packet of black to make sort of a brownish color to stick some leaves back on a silk tree. I had tried glue guns and florist wire previously and neither would stay on because some of the little nubs that hold the branches had broken off. The Sugru worked perfectly. I repaired about 7 branches but I think I could have used less and done more.  I have lots more to do.  Now the only problem is I can't see a place to purchase just the yellow without all the other colors. I'm going to need lots of yellow.

I used the rest of the black packet to add some drag to the part of a paper towel holder that holds the towels. According to reviewers, the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/simplehuman-Quick-Load-Paper-Towel-Holder-Stainless-Steel/dp/B00068M52C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">simplehuman Quick Load Paper Towel Holder, Stainless Steel</a>&nbsp;worked well for tearing off single sheets at the time it was first manufactured. But as paper towels got smaller and the cardboard in the middle got bigger over the years, the towels now just spin when you try to tear them off.  A ring of Sugru adds more drag to the roll so they tear off easier.  But I'm going to have to increase the size of the Sugru ring  to have it working the way I want. It's no wonder some of those paper towel rolls look big (super jumbo)  but get used up so fast. They're mostly air in the middle!

I used a blue packet to add some bumpers to a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Logitech-915-000201-Harmony-Ultimate-Remote-with-Customizable-Touch-Screen-and-Closed-Cabinet-RF-Control-Black/dp/B00BQ5RY1G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Logitech 915-000201 Harmony Ultimate Remote with Customizable Touch Screen and Closed Cabinet RF Control - Black</a>.  We have porcelain tile floors in our family room and I think it's only a matter of time before somebody drops that remote on the floor. I couldn't add it to the very bottom because it has to fit in the charging cradle. Yeah, I know, the Harmony doesn't look as sleek anymore.  But I think I have enough protection on the thing that it at least has a chance. Better Sugrued than dead!

I had one packet that didn't appear to have been opened that was already hard. I emailed Sugru customer service and they replied in less than 12 hours. Great customer service!

I still have the white packet and one red one left.  I may use the red on the bottom cord holder of that vacuum because the Sugru one is larger and so much easier to wind the cord around.  I'm thinking that this stuff will work great for repairing holiday decorations that have gotten broken over the years but that we can't bear to throw away because of the memories. This year there's Sugru! This is such a fun product.  I can't wait to find even more uses for it.

I received this product through the Amazon Vine program and then purchased some additional after I found out how useful it was.

Update 9/15/13 - I used a .5 gram packet of black Sugru to repair the shoulder strap of my black leather purse that was starting to shred. It would have broken in another month or so. (I'm hard on purses!)  I also used a white one to bridge the gap going around a rounded corner using this stuff&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Wiremold-C10-Cordmate-Cord-Channel-White/dp/B000BVXW08/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Wiremold C10 Cordmate Cord Channel, White</a>&nbsp;I just molded it over the cord from one channel to the other. The corner parts that were made for this purpose were too sharp of a corner and kept coming off.  The Sugru looks MUCH better and I think it will stay more firmly attached.  These were both new orders.  I'm finding new uses every day for Sugru."
Really useful and easy to use...  I have used the black and white versions to reinforce the connector-cable interface on all my USB/Lightning/30-pin cables and on several sets of kids' headphones.
"Even after it completely cures, it remains flexible.  There is no other product I have ever seen that does what Sugru does."
Easy to mold as needed.  Sticks to almost anything and dries quickly.  Only con is that it is a little messy.
"You can use this stuff in a lot of ways.  Mostly, I've been using it on my cars and motorcycles.  It can fill in gaps and attach things with odd fits and in weird places.  Down side is once opened it must all be used and each pack is small.  Well worth a try!"
"I was expecting something a bit stronger. So one of my first uses was to fix one of those plastic coated metal racks that rotate to handle different types of dishes in a dish washer. One of the clips holding a vertical rack had broken. So I took a whole pack and globed it around the area where the clip had been and waited for it to dry. The next day when I tried it, it broke at the main joint. However there was sufficient extra globed around for it to work mostly by just getting in the was of the rack trying to go anywhere. While sugru seems to have good potential, applications need to be carefully fitted to its real capabilities."
"Imagine glue that you shape like putty but it seems like rubber when it's cured. That's Sugru.

Now imagine that the putty isn't dull beige or grey but comes in bright stylish colors that look good. That's Sugru.

This product is amazing for use in repairing things where glue won't work because of an air gap and where flexibility is key. There are some limitations with shelf-life, but it is useful to keep on hand. It comes in small packets and once you open a packet you have to use it all within 30 minutes, then it fully sets in 24 hours.

I originally bought Sugru for a specific project for my camera that I was following online. But I've found several other uses for it: On my teenage son's car I reattached a moulding strip on the outside of the driver door, fixed broken weather sealing around the back window, and reattached a piece of interior moulding with a few blobs of Sugru. The replacement parts for each of these three projects would have been more expensive than the whole package of Sugru and yet each project only used one small packet. I also used Sugru when I was repairing the lockset on my front door. The inside cover of the handle mechanism came unriveted and I couldn't see a way to keep it together. I used a blob of Sugru inside (keeping it away from the moving parts) and was able to fix it.

I keep my unused packets of Sugru in the fridge because I have read that it lasts longer that way (just need to warm it up in your pocket for a few minutes before using).

The Sugru website has huge number of examples of what people have used it for. The possibilities seem limited only by your imagination!"
"amazing product, one repair pays for purchase. I had a heating pad where the plastic had cracked and as the crack widened it was working its way toward an embedded wire. A disaster waiting to happen. Patched the crack with WHITE and was amazed at the bonding. The patch is holding and the pad is back in service. On my wife's car, an old Nissan Sentra, the plastic header just below the wipers was smashed by the ice scraper during an especially brutal winter (if you don't have winter, god bless you anyway). Not only is the header large to ship and expensive to buy but it is awkward to remove and replace once you get the part. A little of the black product, some masking tape, and the smashed area was almost good as new. Great stuff, real breakthrough"
"I love Sugru. I saw it first on Geekbeat TV and was very curious that I bought one even having to pay shipping from UK; now it is available on Amazon.

It is really fun to work with. It likes playing with Play-doh where you roll it in your fingers and then create.

So far I have used it to prevent furniture from slipping on hardwood floors, fixed a broken knife handle, place it on multiple switch knobs for better grip, etc.

One thing to remember, once you open a packet, you better use all it contents at once. I tried to seal it with multiple layer of adhesive tapes but I guess once air got in contact with it, it starts the curing process.

Pros:
- dries up like hard rubber which is good for grip and ergonomics
- it is not affected much by higher temperature unlike Instamorph

Cons:
- has a 6-month expiration date
- pricey. The one I bought from UK has 12 packets (I paid approx. 27$ total), this one only has eight; so it is still expensive for its current price of 18 bucks.
- curing time takes 24 hours"
"You will find this stuff to be amazing!  It does it all!
Give some to your boyfriend, Dad, brother any guy will figure a million uses!
Give some to your sister, mother, aunt, girlfriend; any gal will have some stuff to fix!

So---ANYONE!!! just get it, and you won't realize how much stuff you can do till you do it!
I fixed-broken key fob switch; broken key top, cracked vinyl headrest in car; dishwasher rack that wouldn't stay up, a broken handle.......and more!
AWESOME, thank you to SUGRU people!"
"A wonderful product! I go through one of these e very couple of months.

Uses include:
* fixing that pair of headphones that you love but the wire's going on.
* putting bumpers on your phone that contour to your hand
* leveling the bottoms of heirloom glassware
* patching a leak in a camera's waterproof casing.
* replacing the rubber bumpers on the bottom of your laptop that keep falling off because the original glue was crap
* and so many more!"
whoop whoop fixed my shit. This stuff works so good I wanna use it on ever thang. Makes my glass pipe as good as new.
"Imagine glue that you shape like putty but it seems like rubber when it's cured.  That's Sugru.

Now imagine that the putty isn't dull beige or grey but comes in bright stylish colors (yellow, blue, red, black, white) that look good.  That's Sugru.

This product is amazing for use in repairing things where glue won't work because of an air gap and where flexibility is key.  There are some limitations with shelf-life, but it is useful to keep on hand.  It comes in small packets and once you open a packet you have to use it all within 30 minutes, then it fully sets in 24 hours.

I originally bought Sugru for a specific project for my camera that I was following online.  But I've found several other uses for it:  On my teenage son's car I reattached a moulding strip on the outside of the driver door, fixed broken weather sealing around the back window, and reattached a piece of interior moulding with a few blobs of Sugru.  The replacement parts for each of these three projects would have been more expensive than the whole package of Sugru and yet each project only used one small packet.  I also used Sugru when I was repairing the lockset on my front door.  The inside cover of the handle mechanism came unriveted and I couldn't see a way to keep it together.  I used a blob of Sugru inside (keeping it away from the moving parts) and was able to fix it.

I keep my unused packets of Sugru in the fridge because I have read that it lasts longer that way (just need to warm it up in your pocket for a few minutes before using).

The Sugru website has huge number of examples of what people have used it for.  The possibilities seem limited only by your imagination!"
"Used this to patch some shoes. It went on alright, and seemed to solidify into a rubber; but it came off very easily, whenever that part of my shoe rubbed against something. Maybe I'll think up some other uses but for now - not too impressed."
"I've known about Sugru for a while, but didn't have an application for it until recently. The band from my Suunto watch broke and I could either try to repair it or purchase a new Suunto strap and band set (the smaller band is not sold separately). Since Sugru was cheaper than a new Suunto strap, I tried it out.

I wrapped Sugru around the original band and gave it 24 hours to cure. It worked well, and I haven't had any problems with it since then. Even though the band is still broken, the Sugru attached to it  and holds the band in place over the strap.

I would recommend Sugru for many different kinds of repairs, but it's not perfect. Here is my opinion on Sugru's strengths and weaknesses.

Pros:

* Easy to work with
* Strong and long lasting
* Lots of applications
* Comes in various colors

Cons:

* Short shelf-life. Depending on how you store it, Sugru will be usable for around 6 months sealed in its package. This makes it difficult to buy the right amount of Sugru for your application. Since repairing my watch, I searched for other things to repair. While I found a few others, I don't know if I will end up using all of it, which means it will go to waste.
* Can't save leftover Sugru. Once you open a package, you have to use all the Sugru.
* Expensive. This is especially true if you end up wasting some of the Sugru for lack of projects.
* Stiffer than you might think. Many of the suggested uses imply that you can add Sugru to handles and knobs to provide cushioning. However, cured Sugru is rather hard and has little give. That makes is good for some situations (repair a watch band), but not so great for others (cushion the inside of a scissor handle).
* Heavier than you might think. Sugru is fairly dense so it adds noticeable weight to repairs. I particularly noticed this when I used it to seal the wires of a set of earphones I fixed (re-soldered the wires).
* Not sticky or ""grippy"". I applied some leftover Sugru to the bottom of a USB hub thinking it would help keep the hub from slipping, but it had little effect.

So far, I've used Sugru to:

* Repair a watch band (effective use of Sugru).
* ""Cushion"" the inside handle of a pair of scissors (did not provide cushioning).
* Provide cushioning under a glass tabletop (worked very well)
* Seal wires of a repaired set of earphones (effective seal, but added considerable weight and stiffness)
* Keep an old iPhone USB plug from breaking any further (worked well)
* Add rubber feet to a USB hub to prevent slipping (did not provide noticeable grip)"
"If you have something to stick to something and can not imagine how to do it, this is the material you need.  Comes in colors to hide actual connection points.  Really amazing"
"It works for what i needed, now i have 7 extra packages. I doubt any of the DIY silicone putties come close to this, but the price is still too high to pick this as a 1st fix. Reinforces cables that come out of electronics with no or little protection. Think console controllers, worn cell chargers...well. Other than adding rubber feet to things I can't think of a whole lot more to use it for."
I find this product quite on the expensive side. The product out-of-the-package was a bit sticky and not easy to work with. It's very unlikely I will ever purchase Sugru again.
"Order came very quickly.

I refrigerated the package to prolong its life as suggested and only took out a packet whenever I needed one. The Sugru itself is very simple to work and form. Just open a packet, knead, shape, apply and you're done. It applies easily and ""hardens"" within a few hours. I say hardens, but if you form a thin structure as I did to make a carry loop attached to a travel mug, it holds its shape but still remains somewhat pliable.

The various colors made it easy to select one to match your usage and all colors worked the same.

Sugru has good holding power. I used three small beads to stick a flat disk to a rough surface in my truck that then allowed me to mount a suction cup holder for my rather heavy Galaxy S4 smartphone. It has not loosened since I did so and the phone on the long, flexible neck of the mount stays right where I need it.

Sugru is one of those rare materials that allow you to dream up uses for it. I used some to prototype a small invention I've come up with (and my idea works!).

One cautions: if you have small kids around, it would be smart to keep it away from them. It looks and feels like ""Play Dough"" when fresh out of the packet.

Let me end by saying, if you are a tinkerer, you owe yourself some Sugru."
"I've repaired or modified shoes, wires, weed whackers, and countless other items with this stuff.  It's awesome.  Once you have a feel for it there are limitless things you can use it for."
"Only one packet if white, I could have used more. Turns out I use white every time, fixed oven handle, iphone cable and dishwasher rack, worked perfect, I forgot I even worked on them."
I have used Sugru for to fix things and to help me fabricate items for comic con. It is easy to use.
I have used Sugru for to fix things and to help me fabricate items for comic con. It is easy to use.
This stuff is impressive.  It has so many uses!  It took about a day for mine to completely solidify.  This is a necessity for any handy person or hobbyist.
"My dishwasher wasn't getting anything clean--glassware was actually turning brown. I wondered whether the rusty spots on the dish racks were responsible so I googled how to patch them and found sugru. It has worked like a charm! I rather clumsily patched all the holes in the vinyl coating of the dish racks with globs of sugru, waited 24 hours and went back to using the dishwasher as usual and hey presto! Everything is clean and shiny again! This was a month ago and the sugru shows no signs of coming loose or dissolving or wearing away. Plus, because I ordered the multicolor pack, the dishwasher now looks quite festive!"
"Got this stuff a few months back in order to fix a few power cords that had seen better days. I used it on a headphone cord, the power cord to my laptop, and an iPhone charger. It works like a charm. All you do is roll it in your fingers a little bit and apply where you want it. Shape it, then let it sit. Takes a few hours to harden. Its removable, if you screw up, but its pretty sturdy once hardened so its not going to fall apart unless you really want it to. While they show lots of cool other ideas on the packaging (ie creating a more ergonomic handle on your mug), I'm not so adventurous. I'll stick to fixing things when they break, rather than creating new pieces of art for MoMA.

Summary: Easy application, hardens in a few hours, and is very sturdy once set. It has saved me from tossing several cords into the trash. I would definitely recommend this product."
"Check use by date. Stuff hardens in the sealed pkg about 6 mo. After that date. .

Great for all sorts of durable mods and fixes."
"Pretty cool stuff. I used it to fabricate a dock/charging cable for my phone in the cup holder of my car. Hardened up after a day, but still a little flexible and gives a little when blindly shoving my phone in there, which is perfect for this application. Definitely a good to any maker/DIYer's toolbox."
I needed to repair two cooling pads for laptops and electrical tape just hadn't worked.  Sugru did the job and has solved the problem.
My MacBook Pro Charger has once again broken so I turned to Sugru. Big mistake on my part. I should have used the thirty dollars I spent on this product and put it towards a new one. Thanks for nothing Sugru. Also big ups to Apple for creating a product that breaks every few months. Now I don't know what to do with these patches of goop. SORRY I DON'T NEED TO FASHION A HANDLE FOR MY FRYING PAN. THANKS FOR THAT SHINING EXAMPLE!
Used it for my iPod lightning cable . I can say that it's strong & it protects the cable very well . Now I won't have to worry if the cable rips out at the ends .
I wish this stuff was cheaper but it is fabulous! I use it to reinforce wires that tend to break easily. It works! Easy to use!
"I used this to seal a hole in my steam iron. It has a separate steam chamber, so it has a great deal of pressure behind it.  Some pieces had chipped out where 2 parts of the iron itself come together above the plate. Sugru has held up so far, making it like a new iron, saving me from buying a new one for about $160.  I had initially thought it was fairly expensive, but now I think it is a bargain."
Used it to water-proof wires into an electrical controller box an electric bike. Pricey but perfect- exactly the right stuff for the job.
Insane to pay this price for 8 tiny pieces of product.  Sure it can be used on different projects but so can so many other products for half the price.  Won't be coming back for more until the price drops under 10 dollars.
"Have used for several repairs. Some have worked, most, in fact, but several have just failed. No surprise, no product can be all things to all people, in all circumstances. It is dead easy to use, and I will likely continue to keep it around the house, but it should be a whole lot cheaper, IMO."
I fixed some fridge brackets and they are holding up tremendously. Now I covered some cracked fiberglass on the bottom of my boat. I hope it will hold up. We'll see. I am kind'a confident...
Did a great job patching a vacuum cleaner cord.  Looking forward to using it for something more ambitious in the near future.
This is a great fun product.  Easily used to make all sorts of moderately useful enhancements to things around the home.
My immediate use has been to provide 'grip' for my iPhone case and it works fantastic.  I recently have applied it to an old pair of sneakers and my guitar picks for grip.  It is quick application and an easy minimal clean up.  can wait to use it on other stuff.
"i discovered this by accident and it is the funnest thing in a long time.
there are soooo many things you can do with it.
i would recommend it to all my friends."
"I cannot rave enough about Sugru.  Hard to explain to someone that never used it, but I have fixed car door gaskets, added extrain strain relief to expensive or hard to get computer cables, especially laptop power supplies.  Handles on skillets, broken parts on gnomes, shoe insole holders, only your imagination is your limit. Don't remember how I lived without it."
this stuff is great for a quick fix around the house but it does take 24 hours to properly set. great for custom jobs when 3d printing is not available
"I got sugru because I wanted to do a small fix for a toilet and had some pot lids that would get too hot to hold and I figured this would work well. So here is my results based on that. It is pretty easy to work with, but mixing colors for me at least ended up creating a cool design because my colors didn't want to combine. One packet really isn't that much. For example, on my pot lids, I had to use 2 packets per lid to properly cover half of the handle and these are not big handles. While they do make it so that I don't have to worry about burning myself on the lid handle when cooking, they don't really feel that great to the touch. I also thought these would be more rubbery after drying since I had heard about people putting them on cords, but not so much in my experience. My only complaint is that my black couldn't be used because it had been exposed to air prior to me receiving this product and thus unusable. Considering there was only one black, only 8 packets, and it was kind of overpriced, that sucked."
This multipurpose product has salvaged charging cords and made great bumpers for cabinet doors to toilet seats lids. So nicle to not hear things banging around the house. The clear peel and stick bumpers don't stick very well but Sugru stays in place until you want to remove it. Successfuly patched my golf cart's fibrglass top as well. Consider it a must have in my list of repair supplies.
"Outstanding product that delivers what is promised. I used it to fix headphones, and the antenna on my RAV4 which had split."
"What a fabulous product, there are endless uses for Sugru. It's Play-Doh for DIY'ers.

From custom earbuds to fixing glass, this stuff does the job. It does take some learning, but the more you use it the more projects you'll realize it applies to.

It does expire over time, but the expiration date can be delayed by putting it in the fridge. The small packets are the perfect amount, however, you can get larger amounts through their website (unsure through Amazon, haven't checked)."
"This product does an amazing job at repairing all kind of stuff around the house. But be warned, once it's cured, it becomes stiff and not flexible as I thought it would be.
Portions are a tad small for the repairs i had to do. I had to use up three portions/packages for just one single suggested enhancement, like putting a better grip to a tool. I have big hands.
The product does exactly as described, I highly recommend it.
Oh! And always wet your fingers (with water, of course) when molding sugru or it will partially attach to your fingerprints. It also helps to smooth the surface."
"Although I wouldn't use it for any kind of food contact, ie; that dishwasher rack repair, (it does come with chemical ingredient warnings) I did use it to 'fix' in place a loose and squeaky car leadlight lens and it worked perfectly for that, my next SUGRU project is to fix a dashboard ornament and see if it will stand up to full, all day California sun."
"This is everything they claim it is .Will buy colors next time.
I was worried that the remainder in open package would be wasted but
I was able to save in zip-lock in freezer. It is still pliable to this day ."
I did use this rubber product to form around some neodymium magnets that I had in which it completely settled no later than 24 hours. And the rubber stayed wrapped around the magnets even when I played with them. But my complaint is the rubber quality isn't great. It didn't have that bouncy tough feel that good rubbers have to them.
"""very impressed with this stuff. I repaired a broken godzilla figure for my son with a small amount. I didn't think the repair would be able to stand up to my four year old's rough housing, but so far so good. Superglue would not have worked as there were missing pieces. The sugru allowed me to sculpt what was missing and the bond is strong. """
"Sugru can be used for so many things that your imagination is the only limitation. It's like modeling clay, that can be formed into any shape, and it holds that shape pretty well, and then in 24 hours forms a firm, fairly hard rubber-like material, holding the shape of course, that STICKS to things. I made a little hook on a refrigerator at work as an experiment. The next day, I could hang a weight of several pounds on it and it held just fine. Then, I purposefully tried to pull it off the refrigerator and I could not do it. With pliers, I grabbed the end of the hook and pulled, and it did break with pretty decent effort. Then I used a razor blade to remove the rest of it and got most of it off. However, it did not come off all the way. Sticks hard to stuff. The Sugru website has tons of examples and if you can use something like this I highly recommend it.

Why not five stars? It is overpriced and has a limited shelf life. They say that in the refrigerator it will last 6 months. I also had one package in the set that was already hard and could not be used. Other than that though, this stuff is very, very good."
"When you need something like this product you really need it...now I sit here and look for opportunities to use it beyond the 2 times I already have used it...and trying to resist the temptation to just play with it and make little statutes and bouncy balls...Of course I could just buy another pack of it as its so inexpensive...hmmm,,,time to play!"
I used it on my dishwasher shelves where the plastic coating had worn away - it works great.  I am looking for more ways to use my Sugru!
"would buy it again
this is what I needed
the price could not be beat
I could not find it anywhere else"
"I've used it for a bunch of stuff, works as intended. A bit pricey, but at least you're not funding China or similar."
"I've always been one to modify various things to suit whatever I want them to do no matter what sort of cutting, gluing, or etc might be needed.  Sugru is just perfect for these kinds of things as you can use it to modify all sorts of things since it is moldable.  Its rubbery nature (once cured) also makes it great for things like protecting against bumps or avoiding causing scratches to surfaces among other things.  Just in general this stuff is about as useful as it could get for people who ""hack"" things like this."
"I love this product. I believe it is the futuristic fix-all that people have pretended duct tape was for so long. So far I have repaired the handle on my tea kettle, the lid of one of my cooking pots, and a leak in the top of a water jug. (Note: this is not certified as food-safe yet, none of these applications come in direct contact with food.) I fully intend to order more when I run out. It's good for so many things!"
"I really like the idea but once you get past the aggressive marketing campaign it turns out that this product has 2 major flaws:
1) It is way overpriced
2) It has a ridiculously short shelf life

On top of that the customer service has a nasty habit of dodging embarrassing questions like ""Why didn't you lower the price when you switched from 12-packs to 8-packs?"" or ""I wish it could keep longer, I have plenty of it left and it's going to go stale soon"". Their answer to the last remark is invariably ""Are you sure there's not something else you can fix in your home? Go check on our website for more ideas.""

More importantly I think this is completely missing the point of the DIY philosophy. The ideal concept would be a cheap fix-it-all stuff that would always be available, not that luxury material that you have to order specially and use on everything you can before it dies on you."
"Decided to put rubber bumpers on four corners of my new external hard drive and bought this for that purpose.  Lots of hype, especially if you go to her website sugru.com.  Product is great, but won't solve all of your problems.  Individual packets contain only a small amount as it took 2x 5g pouches to cover the 4 corners of a very small drive."
"I have an old cooking knife, with a cracked handle and some missing chips.  I use the Sugru as glue and filler and it worked!"
"I had a split in a hiking boot, between the hard rubber sole and the softer upper. I bought Sugru after seeing one of their advertisements which showed this exact type of repair among other highlighted potential uses for it. I worked the Sugru into the seam and onto the outside of it and let it sit. After a day, the split is now basically non-existent. The two sides hold together well, and the Sugru doesn't seem to be at risk of being pulled apart.

I actually had enough left over from that project to use on another: sealing up the cord on my power drill, which had become split. Again, the product worked exceptionally well for this use.

I bought the all-black pack. That might take a bit of the fun out of stuff I could do with this, but the black blends in very well. On both the drill and the boot, the Sugru is practically invisible."
supercalifragilisticxpaladoshis in other words fantastic.  it has lived up to my exceptions and then some.  I have already strongly endorse sugru  to a number of people
Easy to use - repaired to the connector to my headphones and worked perfectly?  Highly recommended! Stays a bit flexible when hardened which was a pleasant surprise.
"I kid, it's great with Tea (do not use in Tea - drink Tea while you hack) great fix-it tool and safe. Save many clients $$$ when using this for little fixes over whole replacements."
I have now used Sugru for multiple applications and it has not let me down. I suggest getting a pack... and eventually you will run into a situation that will need Sugru's help. Definitely a best buy.
"It works on some things. Some. Held up my mirror on a wall, but can't hold up a small lace curtain on a wall. Used it to replace a broken handle on my curling iron, but when I used it to fix the missing loop on a car alarm, it broke off.  On the Sugru official website, there are a ton of pics of people who used it to fix their broken car alarms. I don't know man, too inconsistent for my taste."
"Amazing stuff, but the pricing and shipping options on Amazon confuse me.

The Sugru folks started out in the UK, but now manufacture and sell from Michigan in the US.  Why should I wait two-three weeks and pay international rates for a shipment from the UK?  Guess I will buy direct from their website, though that's not a bargain either."
Sugru is true to it's claims and easy to use.  I did my 1st successful hack and more to come!
I would recommend it to others for quick fixes. I personally use it to secure the corners of my gadgets. It would have been nice if they provided a pamphlet with some additonal creativity ideas but the website does have more info.
"The stuff is quite interesting, but I don't really have a lot of uses for it yet.  I'm sure I will think of them."
"This is something I had never heard of until I tripped across it on Amazon. But it definitely fills a need and it really surprises me that this didn't exist until now. When I think of all of the ""repairs"" I've done using tape, glue, elastic bands, heat shrink tubing, etc. that could have been done way better and faster with this stuff.

After buying this, I immediately used it to fix some fraying insulation on the cable for some headphones, fix a strap on my bike carrier and even fashion a soft grip for a knife sharpener. This stuff is super easy to use - if you've ever used putty, you can use this. One tip - keep it in the fridge. They tell you this on the package but it has a best before date and keepin git cold will make it last way longer.

Even if you don't think you need it now, have some on hand and you'll be glad you do when the time comes."
"flubber was one thing Jerry Lewis went with this is amazing stuff, am surprised at all it can do. Will go thru this amount in no time."
"Images and videos of Sugru projects make this stuff look easy to use... while in reality, it's smelly, gets everywhere, and is hard to form into shapes. It's not bad and can be useful, but certainly overrated.

I tried to make custom fit earbuds using instructions on the Sugru website, but ended covering my nice and shiny new in-ear headphones with Sugru."
"Fix wiring, mend iPhone cases, hang your iPad from the fridge... I even hung two heart-shaped, 3-pound rocks on the wall with this fantastic compound."
"Not bad, it did take  most of the night for it to set, but once it's set, it holds very well.  It's great for saving those cords that have breaks and chew marks in them.  unfortunately when you open one bag you have to use all of it rather than just tearing a piece out and saving the rest.  Once the seal is broken you have to use it.  So I wait until I have a lot of cords and stuff to patch up. Otherwise for its functionality, it's perfect.  almost better than duct tape"
Great price.  Haven't used the Sugru yet in any project.  Shipping was prompt and the packaging was more than adequate.  Appreciated being able to get a small quantity to experiment with.  Thanks
"This stuff is amazing. I've used it on a variety of things and it seems to stay relatively flexible, albeit firm, and sticks to what you put it on so far. I made a little hook and stuck it on the side of a refrigerator as an experiment. After a couple days, it was nearly impossible to remove. That's a good thing, of course. It's really great stuff that is limited only by one's imagination. It's also expensive, and that has stopped me from using it in places and situations where I otherwise would have. If this was half the price I would have given it 5 stars."
I have used it for many different projects. Making new things and also fixing old things that were broken. I will be buying more.
I like sugru but wish they could decrease the price as it does not go very far.  I repaired 4 things and only have one packet left.  It is also cheaper to just buy it from their website than to buy it here.
"I fixed my car's insulation with this.  It was surprisingly difficult to find just the right insulation to replace the piece that cracked and tore off.  After looking around at several stores and on Amazon, I finally just tried this, and it was cheaper than any insulation I could buy and it molds to fit perfectly.  No more leaky door!"
"I now know that having this on hand at the house is just as important as having a roll of duct tape or glue. I have used it to fix everything from trash cans, car visors, toys, and remote controls."
"This stuff is great and I use it all the time.  Just yesterday I secured an optical audio cable that wouldn't stay plugged in, a very common problem with those cables.  I wish it was a little cheaper but I don't believe in downgrading a product due to price unless I know I can get it a lot cheaper somewhere else.  Speaking of price, If you have amazon prime be sure and find the amazon prime sugru which is in fact cheaper."
It works as advertised - was amazed that the color matched my shotgun grip perfectly. Bought more already!  1000's of uses
This product works as advertised. Simple and effective for small projects. Easy to use with little or no cleanup afterwards
It's very convenient but it makes stuff look kind of childish unless you spend a lot of time precision-shaping it.
"This stuff rocks!  Put it on your shoes! Your charging cables!  Your car!  Your bike!  Your dog!  Okay, not your dog! But still! Everything! All the things!"
"Just fixed the housing on my cars front fog lights with this, and plan on fixing the baseplate of my vintage spinning top with it so my daughters can play with it as well. Delivered on time, nicely packaged and instructive. A really nice buy!"
Sugru can be used for anything. Watch videos to give you ideas. I used it to attach things to my bike.
"This is a really cool substance I have used for a number of repairs and hacks.  From repairing damaged microphones and antennas on our Fire Company radios (we beat the crap out of them on the job)to patching an errant hole in a water barrel and even creating new bushings for a fan motor!

It performs just as advertised - easy to mold and work with, cures overnight and holds up to serious abuse. One word of caution - they give you a ""use by"" date for a reason:  Beyond this date it begins to lose some of its elasticity and becomes harder to work with.

I did see one comment from an unhappy customer who said he's stick with Instamorph instead... not an apt comparison as that is a very good substance for applications that differ from where Sugru shines.  Sugru is NOT cheap but when you need to hack something with a rubber-like substance that will be easy to apply, mold and take a LOT of abuse... this is what you need."
"I hope they stock this on space missions. This stuff is almost magical. Some folks might be sensitive to the ""delicate aroma"" as it cures, or might find it a skin irritant. It doesn't bother me.

""PC"" right now notwithstanding ... it is perfect for making down-to-the-pinkie-wrinkle perfect customized competition grips. It adheres to rubbers, plastics, etc. and is easy to trim and even shave with a scalpel after curing.

I also have one spot on one instep that gets messed up by any hiking boot made. No more. Custom blended-surface cushion ... end of problem."
"Great stuff, doesn't do what it says on the tin, no, it does pretty much whatever you want it to. Endless uses limited only by your imagination."
"Never did receive this product.  Paid for it, but never got it.  It was charged to my credit card.  Hope I might eventually get it, but doubtful, since it has been over 2 months."
Very easy to use and set up firmly. Molded it around a work key to be able to find fast
"Please be advised:  This stuff is world class awesome.  It just doesn't come with a ton.  You can make the little packets go quite a long way, but I needed bulk so I had to get a second round (happily, btw).  I've got enough to finish my first project and more for later projects down the road.  Love this stuff!"
"great for the apple Cables, they always come apart near the plugs. Just reinforce the end with some of this and you are good to go."
"I purchased a package of black and white Sugru after looking at many Sugru projects on instructables.com and other sites. It looked so cool! I didn't have any plans for using the Sugru, I just had to have it. After receiving the product it sat in my refrigerator for about a week before I decided to try to repair a laptop power cord that was frayed. It worked! That cable repair alone paid for the package of Sugru.

I like to sleep with my Bose earbuds in my ears. Rolling around in my sleep puts a strain on the cord where it attaches to the earbuds. A little Sugru applied and the cable is securely reinforced. Another significant savings!

If you purchase Sugru, be aware that it has a shelf life of around 6 months, longer if you keep it refrigerated. Also keep in mind that it will take some practice to mold it in the shape you need. It is not difficult, but do not expect to be an expert the first time you use it."
"I can't tell you how many uses I can think of for Sugru. I've used it to create a perfect, custom fit for my ear phones.

You can work with this for a long time to create the perfect fit and shape. Adhere it to whatever you want and it is secured forever!!!"
Worked good
Works as described.
This stuff is AWESOME. I used it to repair my computer charging cable!!  So much better than electrical tape!!!!!
Isn't as easy to work with as I expected and the result was a little brittle even after 24 hours of setting.
"Works as stated

No issues with cracking or prep"
cool pruduct works fine
"Use within one year, they harden off and cant be used"
Awesome customer service and product.
"Good product & can be used on lots of things. My only caveat is when they arrived, they had an expiration date of approximately 3 months from the purchase date. I bought a variety pack so I could have it on hand for a while, so I hope it still works as well after the expiry date. Otherwise, pretty cool stuff!"
It was fun to mold and working great for what I used it on
