"I am a firm believer that you get what you pay for.  So, my expectations were not very high when I made this purchase.  I purchased this machine for a specific purpose....to take to the multiple sewing groups that I participate in.  I needed the machine to do one thing....sew a good quality straight stitch, and I was not disappointed.  I already own two electronic sewing machines that do everything I need them to do, but I did not want to keep putting my good machines at risk by constantly moving them and subjecting them to the elements when traveling to and from the many groups I sew with.

This machine reminds me of my first machine I received when I was in the 7th grade from Montgomery Ward.  This machine does exactly what I wanted it to do.  The stitches are even, the tension is perfect right out of the box and setup was fairly simple. The machine is not very heavy which is good for transport, but is heavy enough that it doesn't bounce around the table when you're sewing, even at full speed.

I have had the machine for about a week and have already pieced a twin sized quilt with no problem.  The machine is louder than I expected it to be but I guess I'm just used to quieter electronic machines.  As long as it continues sewing a straight stitch without any problems, I will be a happy camper.  Amazon had the best price and I am completely satisfied with the purchase so far.  However, I'm glad I didn't pay the [...] regular price or [...] sales price that JoAnn's sells it for.  The [...] Amazon price was perfect.

Bottom line is that this is a great beginner machine and I have no doubt that it will give me years of good service."
"Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my son in college for repairs, costumes, etc. as an Art major in Design.  We both had a chance to use over Christmas and we both agree this machine really works well with a variety of different types of fabric. This is a very nice basic machine for the price and easy to use. A good value for a college student, etc.  Very pleased with this purchase."
"I bought this to sew some car seat covers.  I made the mistake of thinking that ""heavy duty"" would cut it but sadly it did not.  I made mockups of the covers using vinyl instead of leather and this thing went through them without a moments hesitation, even when going over seams with 4 layers of material it kept going without a hiccup.  The minute I introduced it to leather, even with a leather needle it packed up.  I had a look at it and tried to fix it but to no avail.  Not dispirited, I ordered another one from amazon as a replacement and that too packed up as soon as it met leather.  It's a great reliable machine and performed flawlessly when sewing vinyl but make sure your interpretation of ""heavy duty"" are not the same as mine.  There's a huge difference between heavy duty and industrial.  Sadly this is reflected in the price point..."
after a large project i have determined that this is not a heavy duty machine as it is advertised. the bobbin started catching midway through making a cover for a chair. this was a nice machine i thought before it became a big stain. I broke 3 needles because something is clearly misaligned in the machine and this was only one project that i have done aside from some very light sewing. I expect a machine to be able to take more use then this. I had much better luck with the brother i purchased at walmart for less then half the price.
"Have been sewing since I was 8 years old and have owned Singer sewing machines.  Purchased this new for my mom, who is 90 years young.  Love this machine because it is heavy duty, sews 1100 stitches per minute and is easy for her to operate.  I own tnree Singer sewing machines, and two sergers.  My mom loves hers and quilts on it almost every day. Shopped around and found that Amazon offered the best price for this product. If you are looking for a great machine..easy to operate, has weight to it, suggest you purchase this one from AMAZON, of course. I definitely will be purchasing from them again..."
"I bought this machine for making quilts. I also purchased a quilting feed pressure walking foot. The maching is great, and doing just what I expected, so far, as I have only been using it 10 days now. With the additional foot, it is doing a great job of huge quilting tasks, and home repairs and clothing. It is heavy enough to stay in place without walking all over, and is very much like the Singer I purchased 20 years ago. It is simple, but had a bit of trouble figuring out the drop in bobbin. It is not computerized so I will not have to replace a computer board! I do not need a light weight maching to make pretty little stitches, and fall apart when it comes to sewing denim. This one is great, and a great machine if you already have a fancy computerized machine and wnat one for heavy home use. this is not a commercial maching, just a good, dependable machine. Now the foot is another issue. I looked up the part and number on line, and wrote it down and ordered it from the Joanne Fabric store near my house. Their sewing machine department is called Viking. They did not even know the part number, but ordered the foot. It came in just one week...in a box that was lettered in Chinese, not packages for sale in the USA, without ID of any kind, and nothing written in English. I never bought anything like this in the USA before, but have in Canada where they do not require meeting such high sales requirments. I was told when I called that this was the right part (nearly $30) and to trust them. I could bring it back if it did not work or was the wrong part. But what the heck, I bought something that tells me nothing at all on the box, period! So I guess I have to trust them. So far the part is working very well, but I cannot tell you the part number or any info at all. I recommend the machine."
"I thanks the Amazon pepoles for there help to me, and I like this items since I had the old one before, it's good machaine to work with it."
great price
"Great sewing machine. This was a present for my mom and she loved it, easy to work."
AMAZING!!!!!! Sews beautifully! Easy to learn how to use it.  Well made.  LOVE IT!!!!
I love it!!
the God it is easy to carry around I love it! Thank you!
"Thank you so much for this amazing machine. I have had other Singer machines in the past, but this is the best I've ever had the pleasure of using. I needed something stronger for a few upcoming projects, and this didn't disappoint. It goes through layers of industrial felt with ease. Threading the machine is a cinch. But most specifically, the bobbin. The bane of my existence, normally. But with this, easy peasy. Threading it has never been so effortless. The clear window to see how much thread left is an amazing add on. I would highly recommend it. I look forward to many more years of sewing with it. And many, many more projects."
Sews well and love the portability.
I love this machine. I needed a straight forward machine. Easy to use.
Nice.
"Great basic machine! Fast shipping. Just so you know, it comes in the sewing box (unhidden). It is now a great backup machine."
Great machine for the price.
Doesn't work
It work as promise
It's working better than expected
no comment
"Singer machines are just not as nice Brother machines. It works ok, but the pedal is not sensitive and smooth. It's much louder than Brother when operating."
I love this sewing machine
My mom loves it.
Excellant machine.
love
"Love this machine. I learned to sew way back in 1962 in grade school then used my mom's old SInger to cuff pants since I was so short. I bought this 4411 to again cuff pants and with the ability to remove part of the base it makes cuffing pants a snap. I did five pairs of pants yesterday in about 30 minutes. It would have taken less time but I had to change colors and load bobbins.

Really strong motor had no problems cuffing thick jeans."
"Should've returned it but I just thought it was something I was doing wrong. I had my mom test it and the bobbin jams every time. Don't buy, save up for something better."
works fine
Excellent
Great beginners machine!
Very easy to set up and get sewing. High quality.
"It will sew through many layers just fine, but as soon as you want to do a more delicate project it eats the fabric. It took me 2 hours to fix the problem before I could sew ANYTHING again. I'm glad to have gotten a warranty because if it happens again i'll be sending it back."
"easy to thread (tho I had to figure it out using videos on ipad because enclosed diagram was impossible to read)
and easy to sew"
"Hi Amazon!  My wife had been trying to get a Brother machine to work on a heavier material....kept skipping stitches.  This was very frustrating to her to the point where she wasn't sewing any more.  I asked her which machine should would like...and the Singer Heavy Duty 4411 is the one she selected.  The price on amazon was as good as other places...plus it was in stock and free shipping....so.....I purchased this.

It arrived in 2 days and my wife tells me it is excellent!  She is a heavy duty sewing person...so if she say it is excellent....I have to take her word.  The machine is very quite and feels really solid.  Comes with everything you need to get going.

I would say this is a very good purchase.  Enjoy!"
Fantastic machine!  Super easy to use and goes through any material thus far.
"I don't personally use this sewing machine. It was bought as a gift for my sister, but let me tell you, she absolutely LOVES it! A little back story, my sister has a fashion degree and works at what she calls ""the green fabric and craft store"". She sells these to her customers every chance she gets because she loves it that much!"
durable
"This machine is a huge disappointment. I got it because it says ""Heavy Duty"" right on the machine, but it's just not. It won't go through more than 2 layers of light denim - there goes altering jeans. The top thread gets caught on the bobbin case ALL the time, no matter what I'm sewing. I'm a professional seamstress so I know it's not a needle issue, or some other simple solution. The only thing heavy duty about this machine is the sewing speed; it's much faster than other home machines I've had, which would be nice if I didn't have to un-snag the bobbin situation every 5 minutes."
"The electric motor seems to be too small, very difficult to keep it sewing at low speeds. it stalls and hums then jumps into full speed."
Seems well built. Im happy for the price
You cannot go wrong for the price!  I did not want a fancy sewing machine that does all kinds of cutesy things.  I just want it to sew without any problems and this machine does the job.
Works perfectly!
So far this has worked great after my sister got the bobbin turned the right way and loaded for me!  Been sewing quite a few months and it is so light weight to carry around!!!!
Love this sewing machine. It has a plastic foot pedal but overall for the price I paid it's nice. Basic but nice!
"I've used my machine to sew jeans, dress slacks ,the back strap to my hat, and will be doing more with it. But a word of caution when sewing through the seams on the jeans use the hand knob to assist the puncturing of the combined seams to get it started this will reduce strain on the electric motor to ensure a long life. I have also used the nylon thread in the bobbin assembly as well as a top thread and have had no problem in doing so. I find the machine is very user friendly as a domestic sewing machine, of course I also use Industrial machines at work which have the larger electric motors at a greater speed, so I sew in both departments."
gift
"Love it, sew easy to use."
"Good sewing machine, best price"
"I have two vintage sewing machines that I love, but I wanted a machine that could handle sewing through layers of thick fabric and also had the ability to make button holes. This machine does that very well, and is really easy to use. I'm actually surprised that a machine this affordable is such a workhorse. I highly recommend it!"
A very sturdy machine
"Works great, smooth, precise and a well built machine."
Very poor product.  Do not recommend.
I am very happy with it!
"I used to own a tailor shop with Juki industrial machines. Ive since sold the shop but wanted and needed a machine for the home. Jeans, curtains, etc. this machine is as powerful and easy to use as any. "
"Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. She likes it, says it is easy to use."
"I have made pillow covers, window shades & slip covers of quilted fabric, heavy outdoor fabric and light fabrics. This machine is a real workhorse. It did take a while to find the accessories inside the removable sewing platform. Highly recommended."
Perfect.
Five stars for Amazon customer service. I received my first sewing machine earlier than schedule but it was not working right. I called and they replaced me a new unit in two days. I tested it and everything run perfect. I like this basic model because it is similar to the one I had for 30 years(it finally retired). I love this machine and will recommend to anyone.
"This is my first machine and I brought it mainly because it can sew leather. Honestly saying it can see leather is an understatement. This machine is a true work horse. I mainly make belts, wallets and small leather goods but when got this machine I put it through the test. I was about to see through 6 layers of 2/3 once kangaroo leather with no problem at all. I and very happy with the machine."
love it
Very easy to use!
Bought this to sew leather bible covers together.  Light leather is no problem for this machine if you get the correct needles. Being a man I have not ever used a sewing machine very much so some learning curve for me in using the machine.  But got it done.
great product and price of course was very important
"Works great, even on heavy jean material. Its very  , easy to use. Best machine Ive ever used :)"
Love this sewing machine!! Easy to use..great product for a great price..
"Bought this machine for my mom but she didn't like it, every time she sew the thread bunched up, ended up sitting on the shelf but my sister's boyfriend knows how to fixed it, now my sister is sewing dresses w/ no problem. I guess it depends on the person who used the machine."
did not contain accessory kit
Great machine. I waited 50 years for a new machine and am happy  as a lark w/this one. I always wanted a machine w/a horizontal bobbin.
"I am still trying to get this sewing machine to work properly, the bobbin load is a serious pain. I thought by going basic and hefty my daughter would have an easy time learning, 1 and half years later we are still borrowing grandma's machine"
Excellent item .
This baby is awesome! I just wish they provided a quarter inchquilting foot presser. That's just me.
"I bought one and it was broken when I went to use it, the replacement came quickly, but I really don't like this machine - I actually got my Brother repaired and use it now instead of this new one....disappointed, wasn't needing or expecting a ""great"" machine for the price, but other than the fact that its fast, I found it difficult to use...and I'm an old (OLD) sewer and have used many machines before."
I love my Singer machine. I've always used the cheaper ones from Walmart but they always begin within a year.  This is one of the greatest purchases I decided to chance.  I've had it for several years and it's still going.  Thanks
bought for a friend.  who needed a good quality unit.  for the price of this machine  its great
"So far, very good, very sturdy  and powerful, expected a small machine, this is a big good size, and excellent for the price. Didn't want computerized, I like to relax when I sew. Had  very good computerized machine, too much to do and figure out before sewing.  The only thing I don't like is, for a heavy duty, that can sew thick leather and fabric, not much room  between foot and sewing machine base. What's up with that?"
I love my new sewing machine that sews through heavier fabric like butter. The only complaint I have so far is the design of the thread holder. It's cheap plastic and it forces you to load the thread in sideways. It flops around and it also forces you to get a smaller size thread holder. It's poor design for such a great brand. I'll figure it out and make it work right.
Very happy. Easy to operate and just what I wanted.
I had forgotten how much I liked to sew and this machine is so simple to operate it is a joy to sew.
Perfect. As described. Works great! Ive had one for many years of use and its still up and running. Had to buy another one for my daughter.
I love my Heavy duty Singer machine I do sew blue jeans made curtains  tons of quilts for every day sewing I would buy again had for over 2 years I am well pleased with mine
Thank You! Its good!
"The machine looks nice, but we could not get it to produce an actual straight stitch. We used the right settings and called into customer service, but the stitch lines were still slanted. The stitch overall is straight, but each stitch is slanted from right to left or left to right. The customer service rep told us he didn't know what was wrong and that we should probably return it, so we are going to do that."
"Bought this machine for my 20 yr old who wants to learn to sew. Its a great starter machine. Had some gadgets hidden in a compartment that she didn't realize was there. So, don't go buy bobbins! It also comes with a seam ripper and some other things. It sews lovely seams! Has several different stitches by turning a dial. Again its a great machine!"
All plastic internal parts. Broke almost immediately. Dont purchase for any serious sewing.
My wife loves this thing and has been finding anything and everything she can do with it.
It sews great.  This is my second one :)  What a bargain
Perfectly standard sewing machine!!
"Machine arrived defective, it would only fix straight stich."
Love it. Very good for jeans and heavier materials and upholstery jobs.
I've only had it for a couple of days but I have already altered a pair of pants sewed some hole up and save some bucks on clothing. Everything works as descried and more feathers than I can use right now. Most important if I can use it anyone can use it. Really like it. Well made with The Singer quality.
"Excellent machine, easy to use."
"I purchased this because of price as I needed a machine immediately to finish a project. It may not be fancy however it seems well and has enough (peeve I have) weight so as to not bounce around table. I have recommended this machine to several people and some even purchased it and love it the way I do. I was used to a digital fancy stitch and i do wished it had a little more choices for same price. I'm in need of a second machine because of way I sew. Tossed between this and another.. wishing this singer had more options. If you ever want a tester..have no idea how to become part of anything like testing items. Please contact me
Thank you
Sincerely a sewing Gramma

Joy Senecal
518-567-7669"
Very Good 
Sews like a dream super fast and sewing through what I need it to .....love it
Wife loves this machine.
"<div id=""video-block-RLAX95CB9WI3V"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/914KS6TFGXS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91UuXD1oU1S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Awesome machine. Easy to use. Runs like an industrial machine! I sewed sequins together and it did not tangle. Great value for the price"
Great machine for quilting.
A work horse.  I have no problems and have been using it consistently.  Really easy to use and goes through many layers of heavy duty fabric. I am excited to use it on leather.
"This machine is the true sewing buddy! i been using the older ordinary Singer for a while and needed to upgrad my sewing speed, and Singer 4411 is real deal! for this price you are getting the best speed. Winning!!!"
This sewing machine was sent to my mother also in the Caribbean and she did not have anything bad complain about either
great so far thanks
"Its gonna be good for 2 weeks after that, its startgs acting up and bringing problems you cants fix"
I love my sewing machine so much. the ony one disafvantage - the opening is too small for some of my big quilts.
I thought it came with all the accessories . I looked and searched and it claims that it does. After spending money just have to keep spending money on buying the accessories again I bought this machine used. Not worth it . Just pay the full price for a new machine.
"Great sewing machine! Solid build! Fast, if you want to zip through projects, but pedal controls speed, so it can be toned down for beginners. Love the drop in bobbin feature!"
"Works fine... although I thought it would be a little more heavy-duty
But it's a good buy"
love this machine easy to use
Great machine!  Give sewing classes to young girls.  So easy to use!
What can you really say its sew machine its OK
"This is a heavy duty machine.  It has a 25 year warranty on the head for either home or commercial use.  I just got it today and set it up with heavy thread and needle to test sew 4 layers of sail cloth using a zigzag stitch.  It worked very well.  For the price, this a great buy if you're going to sew denim, leather, or sails.  If the opening were larger to incorporate more bulk, I'd use this machine to manufacture or repair sails.  As it is, I can easily work on the outer 2 feet where most of the wear an tear occur (like the sail I'm repairing tomorrow).  This is exactly what I wanted."
love it!! i sew a lot of heavy material and this works wonderfully!!
Fantastic sewing machine!!!! Just love it.
Good machine.
Arrived used and damaged. Returned it immediately.
I needed a heavy duty machine to sew for my clients
Great Sewing Machine!! Perfect for me!!
gift
Is very good
Works great easy to figure out and use highly recommend it
Great machine for the money. Its getting plenty of use.
"Not Suitable for the home machinist.
I needed a sewing machine for basic mending and maybe some craft work. This sewing machine had two speeds, STOP and FLAT OUT. Very difficult to control. Returned the product."
So far sew good. Very good product.
Bought as a gift for my mum and she loves it.
Excellent Machine! no problems whatsoever
love it
Great
Has performed very well for my uses especially considering the price
Very good
"My mom loves this machine. However, it was hard to get the threads in without them jamming in. I still need to figure out how this machine will work seamlessly without much adjustment from my side"
"I bought this machine for durability.  I have experience of industrial and domestic and this fits in the middle but closer to domestics.  One thing is annoying me and that is that after some successful sewing the thread that is wrapping around the bobbin from the spool gets caught up and leaves a mess of loops under the work.  I found a small amount of dust under the bobbin case and on clearing that it worked again.  Now it is clogging with only a little of work having been done.  I was not expecting to have a machine, particularly a singer heavy duty, need cleaning out of the bobbin case base every few days.  It is very annoying."
"I LOVE my singer!!!!!  I am still getting use to all the stitches, but this is great for mediocre sewers!!!!"
"I am a full time sewing machine repair technician, have been for over 35 years. This is a decent inexpensive machine, as you don't get a lot for $139. However, by no means is it ""Heavy Duty"". What makes it ""Heavy Duty"" is the stainless steel bed cover. That's it. Nothing else. Seriously. Not kidding. Caveat emptor."
Great heavy duty machine at a reasonable price.
I am building a campus for my boat and it definitely is adequate to do that I tried selling my backpack with a 8 number 18 needle and see if there's a bigger needle that won't break to go through the backpack otherwise it's definitely does the job and to carry on my sailboat when I need to do repairs as well
the price
"very well made,sews denim very well,very sturdy machine, just wish the foot pedal was made out of metal also like the rest of the machine"
"Love this work horse machine.  Easy to use and able to sew thru home dcor fabrics like denim and canvas. I only use straight stitch and zig zag to sew bags, pillows, slipcovers.  No need for a fancy machine - more $ saved to spend on beautiful fabrics!"
Great sewing machine for the price! I use it to sew patches with plastic backs into leather vests for a Motorcycle Association. This machine has no problems doing that with a leather needle.
Wife loves the machine. All the basics are there. Some parts are made out of plastic so we will see how it holds up
It's a great entry level sewing machine with plenty of storage. Threading the machine is very easy and intuitive.
"My old singer gave up on me after 12 years. This piece of junk has been giving me a lot of frustration. So many times the needle would not move up and down even when the engine is running. Then all of a sudden something clicked and the needle moved. Sometimes it fixed itself, sometimes I had to take it to the shop. Very frustrating when it works one minute and stop working the next minute. What a piece of junk!"
"Got mine a couple of weeks ago and so far  I am very happy,except the needle threading part. Hard to see but with a pair of reading glasses from th doller store I manage. Would be perfect with threader."
"Lightweight, works well. Unfortunately, had to return the 1st one but the replacement works great."
"machine is perfect, easy to use and strong. Nice pair of stitch options. The foot Block is a little light to my liking."
"Quality of product is suit for all types of fabric, sews smooth and quick."
daughter loved it
"I ordered this machine which got lost in the mail. Today I received a replacement machine however NONE of the accesories as pictured are with it? including the ones you NEED in order to have a functioning machine. Spool holder, etc. Given that this is the only way to contact the seller I would like an expanation?"
enjoying this
"Bought for my daughter, she loves this machine."
"Ugh! Such a headache!  I got this as a gift, so I'm not sure if I can return it or have a warranty.  The bobbin timing keeps getting off, jamming the fabric, making sewing impossible. I've spent hours trying to fix it, looking in the manual and on Youtube, unscrewing the top plate.  I'm ready to give up!"
"Beautiful piece of machinery, well priced, and capable of quite a bit of what I need."
Sew hard Sew often!
"I am a Singer girl, I own 3 and I love them all.  This is a perfect addition for my free motion quilting, it sews fast and glides right over all of my quilt layers.  This machine was recommended to me by another quilter and I will certainly recommend it to others."
"So far so good. Has worked very well through five plus projects including heavy fleece, thin cottons, denim and knits. Trying to be careful as I need this machine to continue to work well for a long time (hopefully)."
"New to sewing, bought this on a friend's recommendation to start cosplaying. Pretty good machine to learn on, feels very sturdy and plenty of videos on youtube featuring this exact model."
"No automatic threader, but everything else is great!"
"Simple to use and a powerhorse.  Not for the expert, but definitely works great for quilting and denim."
"I liked this machine at first. Now, after two years of fighting with it, I am wanting a better quality machine.

I constantly have had problems with the timing of the needle and top thread and the rotating hook that allows the bobbin thread to be ""caught"" and brought up into a stitch.  Any time I try to use it for a project (a little girls dress, a baby blanket etc) I have to stop part way through and take the machine apart to fix it so that I can finish the project.

I purchased a walking foot and have to use it for EVERYTHING or I get shifting in my layers.  I have adjusted the presser foot, the thread tension etc without much benefit.  When I am quilting and actually NEED a walking foot, it barely makes any difference.  for a 10 inch block, I had a 1/4 shift in the top layer by the end of a seam.

It broke again last night and I am not sure I will be able to finish the project that I am working on for Christmas with only 2 weeks left."
I had this machine a year and 8 months.  Really enjoyed using it.  Mainly used it to make patchwork quilts and free motion.  Then it stopped working.  I loved this machine so much I purchased Singer 4423.  I returned it after 2-3 days.  I think I will order the Singer 4411 again.  I hope it doesn't break this time.
A good reliable heavy duty machine.
The motor died after 3 days of owning it.  It was only used for 1 hour in total. There was no hassle with returning in getting a refund.
It seems easy but the thread gets caught in the bobbin and the needle.  I have to get a new machine that works.
"It works alright, but is far from actually being heavy duty. I sew a lot, and this is my third machine. I've had it for two years. I'm going back to vintage machines soon so I can sew through thick seams and denim again. This one is fine, it just doesn't have the power to do actual heavy duty sewing."
"It took very little time to get used to using this machine.  The self threading needle worked on the first try!  I should have bought it years ago.  It works so smoothly that I sewed all afternoon without stopping to unclog a thread mess, or a pile of lint."
My wife loves it.  The gift she wanted.
I bought this machine because I sew a lot of denim. But I like to sew at night when I can't sleep. My sewing room is on same level of house as master bedroom. This machine is excessively loud like a jack hammer. I can't hear my music through my headphones to drown out the noise!
returned it!  cheap and not user friendly
"I have replaced the sewing machine my mom left me when she passed, this is a great little machine, I use it all the time"
Love this machine!! Basic but that is all you need as a good sewer.
"Simple sewing machine, easy to use, and  lightweight .  And most importantly, Heavy Duty.  I immediately tested it on some Wrangler blue jeans I had to shorten for my brother and it did the task easily, even going over the thick side seams. Just like the old Singers, easy guides for threading and rewinding bobbins.  It does have other features but I bought it for tailoring mostly.  SIMPLE TO USE!  PERFECT!"
"I did not get to use this item until over 2 months after purchased. When finally did, I discovered needle tip was broken. Bought new one but I cannot install it. The base is hanging too low and needle cannot sit straight. Any advise?"
"Awesome, I wish I knew it didn't have an automatic needle threader before purchasing and I would have gone with the 4423 or the 4432 but regardless of this issue, It is an awesome machine."
It's my daughter's she loves it!
"Do not buy, I have it for less than a year and stop working"
I purchased this for my daughter who needed a sewing machine but was not familiar with sewing on a machine.  She loves it and says it is a great machine for someone just starting out.
Great for my classroom
"I've had this almost a year now, no previous machine experience. Have had a lot of fun experimenting with it. Easy to use once you get the hang of it."
"I didn't use the machine for about 4 months right after I got it.  Then I used it a couple of times (no problems), then it sat for a few months.  Now using it to hem some jean, sew curtains, and patch my husbands work clothes.  The machine works but the knob that is supposed to adjust the needle from left, middle, right isn't doing anything.

Also I don't know why it's called Heavy Duty.  It had a hard time going through the hem of the denim."
"I bought my singer 4432 6 months ago and I love it so much Im buying my 12 year old granddaughter the same one for Christmas!
Only problems I have had was me, not the machine. I also have a singer 301slant needle from 1964, still going! I also have two antique singer, still working . My old one was my grandmothers! I also gave it to my granddaughter, she might give it to her daughter!"
Gave as a gift t young nieces a d their mother.  Their grandmother wants one just like it.  The girls who are only 10 and 8 years old have already made pajamas and pants.  They love their sewing machine.
"Good starter machine. Handles denim, canvas and even marine vinyl and handled marine vinyl with 3/4"" poly fiberfill channels. Only gave 4 stars because if it had an overlook stitch I don't think I'd need to upgrade. This is good utility machine but not the best for fashion projects."
Excellent!
Good product.
"Like always, Singer is the best machine and this one is no exception."
"i love this machine, it doesnt have all the fancy stuff but its sturdy works great and doesnt break down which is great when your making hundreds of blankets (already make over a hundred with it!)"
Great love it
stopped working.  DON'T BUY.
I don't have a tremendous experience at sewing so I don't know what I don't know yet but this machine makes me happy when I work with it.
MUCH better price than anywhere else for heavy duty singer sewing machine.  Loved it so much I ordered a second one since I sew as my side hussle.
"I love this machine. Very sturdy and the stitching is very precise. It has just enough of the ""extras"" for the type of sewing I do. I would definitely recommend this machine over one of the cheaper ones with a plastic casing."
Claim of heavy duty is a joke.....!  It can't even handle light denim. No denim seams at all. It should be sold as a child toy! (:
I have experience sewing and was so excited to get some projects done with this machine. The bobbin compartment came loose and was installed incorrectly so the threads could not spin and collect the thread. I have to take it to get fixed and I haven't been able to use it for any of my projects.
"This was my first machine, and I bought it because I wanted to sew leather. No!  While you can sew light garment leather with a good walking foot attachment and a sharp leather needle you will struggled with speed control and it will jam up unless you are really good with settings.  Its a decent machine when used for what it was designed for - heavy fabrics.  If you want to do more complicated stitching or lighter material get a machine with more stitches and automatic features.  This machine is less smooth than my wifes computerized Janome, but it will sew through duck canvas happily whereas the Janome doesnt like to.  I now own multiple machines including an industrial walking foot machine for leather.  I still use this machine frequently for canvas and thin vinyl.  Its a good starter machine and its a decent workhorse, but it excels at heavy fabrics not lightweights or leather.  I wish I had gotten the one with more stitches and the needle threader.  End of the day if you want to do widely varied fabrics or materials and don't have the money go to a yard sale and get a solid older machine for the heavier stuff. One of my best machines is over 90 years old and it works perfectly.  Paid $30."
Has worked like a champ!
I hardly use it and  it works great!
purchased as a gift; the receiver thinks it's great
"Barely used this machine as it goes from 0- 100 speed with barely any pressure on the pedal... It is so loud and keeps unthreading itself.
Waste of money"
I am a basic sewer and this machine works well for my projects.
"For basic use, its the best there is."
Fantastic... I have no complaints...
about time to give a review.  Wife loves it and has worked without any problems or issues since she received it almost a year ago.  Well made and met all my expectations.
Best sewing machine.i love it.
"Fantastic. Works well, no problems."
Works good
"My wife bought this machine to learn how to sew. She was not informed or experienced enough to discover the machine only did one stitch, not 11 as described. So it arrived not working properly and we did not know it until AFTER the 30-day return period to Amazon."
"Wife likes the sewing machine, only problem is that the button hole attachment did not come with the machine.  The book shows that it should have.
If the button hole attachment had been there it would have been rated a five (5) star."
I am very pleased with this machine!
"The machine worked fine for a few days then would not sew properly. I changed needles countless times and made various adjustments according
to the manual and how to videos online. I purchased an extended warranty from square trade. This warranty is offered by amazon and its a joke!!
I attempted to return the item and they said that returning it would void the warranty. What !!!"
"I don't know much about sewing machines. But I needed something durable, reliable and easy to use. This machine is all of those things. The most helpful thing to me was the SINGER YouTube video that shows you exactly how to set up and use the machine. I can read instruction manuals to figure it out - but for some reason it takes me ten times longer than just watching a video and having someone show me what's what. So if you're as clueless about using a sewing machine as I am, I recommend the video to help you get started. No complaints on the machine... works just as it should."
Happy with my new sewing machine. I was able to finish a baby quilt that been on hold.
"I purchase Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine back in May 2012 and still haven't needed service, beside the basic oiling you do yourself. My coworkers look down at my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine because it's not the ""Cadillac"" of sewing machine. Guess what? They are popping up everywhere at work place now, especially the 4423 model which I personally don't care for all the bells and whistles. Why pay extra for features that I will never used at work?  One final note: The price I paid for this machine, it's disposable. If you take this sewing machine in for service, the service bill will probably equal to a price of a new sewing machine."
Great little work-horse machine.  And the delivery was super fast!
awesome product bought for my sons starter design brand
"After several days, the site was much improved.and cleared up."
"Very solid machine.  A little loud, but up to the task."
Surprised at how well this machine performs!  Sturdy.  Great quality for such a reasonable price!
"A major shank screw was MISSING! Cannot use machine. Was to be gift to granddaughter.
DISAPPOINTINg!"
"Great sewing machine. This is what got me through my final project for last semester. Very easy to use, great for adjusting stitch lengths, and for heavy duty fabrics. I use this more often, although there are tons of machines at the school."
Very light weight for moving for each time use. Very happy with this machine so far.
"This is a heavier machine than some of the sewing machines I've seen in stores, including Singer store.  The heavier weight makes the machine way more stable and not apt to tip over.  A similar sewing machine at Singer store (not same model) with similar features was priced at close to $1,200.00.  As a professional upholsterer I have heavy duty stationary machines but they're not portable.  With this machine I can do more ""on site"" work as well as sew lighter weight fabrics which don't sew well on my walking foot machines.  I also bought the case which is offered with the machine.  I have a separate review for the case which is not quite a good fit."
Awesome
"product died right around time I had to return it, I wouldn't recommend it."
"the machine did not work but the return was easier than I expected - will be more careful not to purchase ""used"" items with a larger price tag"
love it...this is my second #4411 sewing machine its because it works well.
Does a great job on the purses I've been working on. Better than all the broken needles and grinding sound on my very expensive Destiny!
Sturdy effective machine.  We are glad we purchased it.
Works great!
"Excellent. Does what it is supposed to do. Not too many options to drive one nuts, and with just the right amount of stitching options. Small and heavy. The way it should be. Not flimsy. Easy to thread the bottom bobbin."
My machine broke after one year with  using it only a few times.  This is the second singer machine that I have had that has had problems with the area that holds the Bobben.
"This thing is garbage. Trust all the other terrible reviews on this one. I had to fix the timing three times within the first 48 hours of using the machine. Skips stitches on anything heavy, the bobbin tension is almost impossible to get right. Good luck getting this machine to work for you, go get a husqvarna for 100 more and save yourself the trouble."
Great sewing machine for the price.
Basic simple straight forward. gets the job done without any confusion. solid sturdy. I love this machine.
So far so good. No complaints
The design is a bit bulkier than my previous Singer so is a little harder to get use to
The tension is awful. It lasted me about 6 months before the tension got bad to the point to even use it I have to re-thread it every couple of inches. I do not recommend this product what so ever unless you hardly ever use it.
"I managed to jam it up within a month of use, but that's purely user error, lol. I have to get someone to fix it for me! The settings are straightforward and I liked it :) I don't know how heavy duty it is, because I haven't really done much heavy duty sewing, though."
"Update your description - INACCURATE and wasting my time having to schlep product back.
Description specificalky states:  'automatic needle threader is sewing's biggest timesaver'....
Not correct. This product does not have an auromatic threader. Waste of your customers time."
Returned
"The good: simple controls, intuitive, very good speed control on the pedal. I haven't had any trouble with working this machine, though I haven't had it very long.

The bad: the one major defect in this machine is the light. It's very dim compared to my Brother. The manual also says something about how you shouldn't try to replace the light if anything goes wrong, but send it in for repair. What a bummer."
This machine is just used for hemming and I already replaced it once... it is jamming again after about 20 uses. I would like to speak to amazon about replacing this product.
broke right away sent it back
"This sewing machine meets my needs.  I had an older Singer machine and it was very heavy and I was very surprised to see how light this one is, even though they say it is a metal construction."
Truly heavy duty.
"Very poor product. After 1 month of lightly using the machine, it decided to stop stitching. We tought it was pedal control and ordered a new pedal control. Not working. We do not recommend product. Now too late to return or get replacement. We feel we had been fooled. We are buying so much gear from Amazon. Hope someone will contact us back for a better customer service."
I needed a basic sewing machine for general sewing.  The only drawback is not having an automatic threader but otherwise is quite satisfactory.
Great
Singer.  Always reliable!
"I got this machine for a Christmas Gift in 2015 and I  use it A LOT, probably more than most people.  It has had some hiccups with skipped stiches when I used the wrong needle or tension wasn't right, and over many layers of thick fabric ... but all in all, I really can't complain about this machine. .Its worked well for me, and taken all of my abuse since I first plugged it in.  I highly recommend this machine for anyone needing a good machine at a decent price. And especially beginners who tend to be hard on a machine.  It's simple to use and tough as nails. I sew through layers of canvas, denim, vinyl, suede ... batting and heat insulate, etc. I do have to turn the wheel at times to help it along but only after I have really loaded up on layers. My only small complaint is the needle is slighlty skewed and never hits dead center of the presser foot, even when in the ""Center"" needle position. But I have gotten used to it."
"I love this machine. I had no trouble with the bobin or threading the machine. Great stitches, easy to use & quiet. So glad I purchased it."
Enjoy the machine.
My wife loves this machine.
"This sewing machine worked great for one year!!!!! Said it was Heavy Duty!
Cheaply made! Very disappointed! "
My wife just loves her new sewing machine.
It's so simple to use. I mostly hand-sew so machines are very new and scary for me. I'm certain I'm not using it to its full potential but it gets the job done. I'm also impatient so it's high speed is very nice.
Easy to use not too many frills. straight forward sewing machine. I will be testing with leather next.
"It is a fantastic machine!

After 1 yr of usage, still Powerful and problem free."
Feeder broke the first time I tried to change the thread
"This is a great little worker. Nothing exotic, just plain and simple does what it claims. Easy to use (don't tell Singer, but I did not read the directions prior to use .  I'm sneaky like that.) Point is, if you've used a sowing machine in the past, it's a piece of cake. The ""heavy duty"" part is all true. I kept increasing the fabric up to eight layers of denim. It didn't even flinch. The needle went through it like butter. This will do the job for all my little upholstery and curtain sewing, and it's still gentle enough for lighter fabric, like quilting. To say the least, I'm very happy with my purchase."
"I only used it a few times, but love the way it works.  It is just what I needed for the sewing I do."
"DO NOT BUY BOBBIN JAMS CONSTANTLY
I Have only used this machine for  2 time and the bobbin stared to jam in the middle of my sewing project  EACH time was the bird's nest  , I'M so disappointed  SINGER is a big company  and make bad quality machine  I DON'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE."
"nice machine for plain sewing - not for special stitching tho.  workhorse for clothing, curtains, etc, even hemming thru multiple layers!  It did not sew through 5 layers of material tho as it described."
Very nice machine
Wife is still trying to figure out how to operate the machine.  Not very user friendly.
Awesome machine! Easy to use; I've never knew how to use a sewing machine but with Singer I'very learned in a couple of hours!
it is just I needed good heavy duty machine and speed
Broke on second use. Needle piston seized on second use. Cannot manually move either.
Great sewing machine. I got it to make a boat cover and canvas boat top. It has done a wonderful job and was heavy enough to sew 8 layers of canvas and no problem sewing clear vinyl windows. Easy to use.
Great basic machine for the price.
Wonderful machine for its price.  I have been sewing with it almost every day since receiving it as it is so easy to use.
I love this sewing machine. I have never found anything it can't push through and its helped me make all sorts of cool things.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT AND FAST DELIVERY
"Lil sewing machine that could! Love this powerhouse, easy to use and compact for storage!  Purchased another as a mother's day gift for my mother in-law."
estafa
"I'm not a pro. But after research and reading reviews, I was quite certain that this was the sewing machine I needed. I haven't sewed for a LONG time. But this machine is really easy to use and comes with all instructions. I also saw there is video tutorial if needed. PERFECT! I used it on very light material as well as heavy duty fabric from a backpack. I was able to fix dresses or heavy duty backpack with no sweat. The heavy duty backpack had 5 layers of thick fabric. I feel confident that I can sew sails from a sailboat without any problems. My next project: redo all the cushion for my rv in faux leather.

Update 08/14/17: After a month of use, the needle won't reposition properly. I'm stuck with the middle or right position. I can't put it to the left. I'm kinda disappointed that after a few use, it's already malfunctioning. I tried to search online how to correct this problem, but the only result that I could get was to go and have it repair through a singer expert. Which is probably going to cost me more than what I spent for the machine. Overall, I'm really happy about the strength of it. I could saw vinyl and multiple layers of fabric together without any struggle."
Happy with purchase.
"I can't add to anything that has already been stated here, but this is one fantastic sewing machine! I am blown away by the speed and precision of the stitches. I would recommend this product to anyone that appreciates quality."
I never received the sewing machine and I am very upset about it.
"The machine works well.  However, the ""standard accessories"" listed in the instruction booklet were not included and spoke as if they should have been.  Can I order the standard accessories from Amazon Prime""?"
"I have purchased two machines of this model, and they both broke with the same problem, the timing.  They were only a few months old, too.  The thread on the reverse side was all gathered and messed up.  I gave up on Singer and bought a Bother sewing machine.  As I was loading up the Singer to discard, I thought I would try YouTube to see if there was a way to fix it. There are videos. I tried the repairs, but the problem persisted.  The 4411 model has the feel of a solid machine for the price, but unfortunately, I received two defective ones."
"Wow, got it within a couple of days, and it's delivered to Hawaii!! Beautiful machine and simple to use; looks heavy duty as described."
NICE PRODUCT
"Pretty good machine for the price. I especially like the weight, it feels sturdy and doesn't move around. The bobbin install and threading is a breeze (it's a manual threader btw - but not complicated). The only issue I have is with the back stitch function. It tends to clump threads from time to time. I don't know why. Straight sewing is no problem though, foot peddle is fine, speed control fine. Good, basic machine overall. Happy with the purchase."
Very good product
Definitely reccomended
"I have only tried it out a little bit but I'm excited by the possibilities. Happy sewing guys."""
"I own a Singer 5400 basic machine and needed a machine that would do heavy duty indoor/outdoor canvas so I bought this machine. It has done a fantastic job on sewing a new boat cover. The speed of the machine was great and made the job easy to finish in a short amount of time! The machine has already proven it's worth in a short amount of time!!

My boat cover project I was running anywhere from 3-6 layers of outdoor waterproof fabric and the machine did it with ease!"
This sewing machine is a beast! I really like it.
"Doing clothes, quilting and repairs. Runs like a charm and will go through three layers of denim. A great place to start."
New at sewing and I love this machine.
Good value.
Nothing seems to stop it.  Makes me very happy.  instructions require a bit of time.
Did not come with all the accessories shown.
"The machine was ok except the bobbin winder would wind bobbins unevenly top to bottom. The uneven bobbins would get tangled when fed out from the bottom of the machine. It seemed to sew well and I was otherwise happy, but unfortunately I don't have any other machines to wind bobbins on."
I will buy another  for myself  this one was for daughter.
"heavy duty and easy to use, I sent them overseas to a non-profit organization and they had nothing but good things to say about the machines"
"I didn't get an instruction manual with it, nor a guarantee. I had to figure out how it works on my own, and it took me some time to find the box with the tools. Don't know how to use the tools because of missing instruction book. The machine is NOT faster, nor sturdier than any other home machine, nor does it sew heavier fabric than any other, ordinary home sewing machine."
"Great machine.  Works well sewing curtains,  slacks, pillows & more. Heavy weight design but has a handle. Easy to add the boddin to attatch the string to the needle. Do recommend to look on the amazon sight or youtube for tutorial but basically very easy to understand. Nice machine. A++"
My wife loves this machine. Easy to use and does everything she needs to sew.
Great little sewing machine
Good machine other than I've had to replace the bobbin holder after a couple uses. Completely fell apart so I ordered 2 more just in case.
This was a gift to my daughter in law who has never sewed much but likes to make a lot of things.  It was easy to thread and change stitches.  Has some of the features of my very expensive Janome!  She is happy and so am I
Bought for someone so cannot give review
I am a beginner with some experience. This machine is straight forward and provides good quality work! I love it!
"Great machine, hence some of the poor ratings. The machine sews like a dram through multiple heavy layers. As with any machine it takes practice and learning the adjustments of the machine to get the most out of your machine. Would buy again."
Great basic machine for the money!
I didn't realize how much I was struggling with my old sewing machine until I got this one.  The feed is solid -- it's a work horse.
Estafa total.
Exelente
"Just what I was looking for, a simple reliable sewing machine."
"nice machine, affordable,"
Perfect
"This machine was purchased in October 2016 as a Christmas gift for my Mom.  She had been sewing basic stitches for years and has good knowledge of machines and the process.  This machine has been nothing but trouble.  First the feed dog switch broke. I was able to fix this, now it simple won't run.  No particular reason.  Just seems to not have power to move the pressure foot. This machine has less then two months of use and all she really sews are hems and shirts for her little dog.  It's not like she's a power user.  So absolutely disappointed with this machine."
It has sewed anything I have tried so far .
Excellent machine
Love!! Great for beginners!
Difficult to thread machine if your eyesight isn't 20 20. Just set it up today. Getting birds nests from bobbin thread. I'm returning machine. Please inform how I do so.
Works Good
Best  purchase I have made in a long time.  And using dailey
Not as study as my old metal Kenmore but close enough.
"So far, so good. I'm not doing anything fancy - just straight stiches to make curtains, etc., but it's handled beautifully."
"This machine is terrible, incredibly hard to use and constantly destroys thread and will not sew consistently.  Save your money and don't buy a singer heavy duty machine."
"Love!  Love!  Love! It - my only suggestion is to make the threading instructions a little better - hard to read and needed to go on YouTube to figure it out.

Thanks!"
"I'm not totally thrilled with this machine. I wanted something that didn't contain a computer because I thought it would be easier to fix. I actually had to send the first one back to Amazon because the part that moves the needle from side to side was broken. I think it's too aggressive for everyday stitching and it doesn't have enough options for decorative, or even functional stitches. Also, I ended up writing on it with a sharpie because the wa they mark some of the components isn't intuitive. You have to be really careful about not setting the zig-zag stitch when the needle is set to left or right because it can go too far and break your needle. My skill level is moderate and I wouldn't recommend this as a beginner's machine based on these complaints."
"I have tried to voice my opinion, but I am continually blocked by Amazon.  there is such a thing as the freedom of speck in the U.S.A.."
"I am enjoying my Singer 4411 sewing machine.  It is fast and precise.  Durable, steady..........O what a Singer it is!"
"This is the best sewing machine I have ever owned under $200 price range, and I've never owned one above that range however my mom is an interior decorator and she sewed some simple little things with mine and said it was the best she had ever used as well and she has the pricey $1000 dollar machines! Took me a few to figure out the different things on it and get familiar with it, but I absolutely encourage shoppers to purchase this over other machines! You won't be disappointed!!"
this was a great purchase!
"Guess it is I with the problem.  Read many reviews.  No one mentioned that any bobbin problems.  I could no initiate thread from bobbin to catch the needle, no matter what I did after two - three hours.  The bobbin is defunct!  It has been six weeks, but it is too late to return.  That was a shock.  Should have double checked.  My first major disappointment from Amazon.  C'est Domage!  I recommend checking the machine as soon as possible after delivery."
"Very pleased.  Great price.  Still have the supplied needle after sewing through leather and canvas, sometimes many layers thick.  Strong machine and serves me well with guy sewing.

7/8/17 Still using supplied needle and still very pleased."
"I recently purchased this sewing machine so I could sew anything from a simple stitch in a busted seem, to a quilt and garments for me and my daughter. I am a beginner by the way. I have been getting to know my machine by using the different stitches for the past week and I have to say that it is very user friendly. Thanks to my Mom, YouTube and the instructions, I had no problem threading the bobbin or the machine."
"This is the easiest to use sewing machine ever; sews effortlessly through whatever fabric I'm working with.  It's the best portable machine I've ever owned, a real joy to use and for a reasonable price."
"Had mine for about two months. Mostly trouble from day one. Piched my in garbage yesterday. Don't fool yourself. You can't buy a decent machine For 135.00. Spend some money and get a good machine. I used to upholstery furniture and work on the machines so, I know machines pretty well. Just gambled and lost."
For some reason the thread keeps getting caught on something in the routing and breaks it often.
"So far so good.  I can sew 3 layers of denim no problem.  I will find out in the future just how long it holds up.  The machine body is lots and lots of plastic.  I have to assume the inside is as well.  For the price, I think it is fine."
Great machine
Very good machine.  I am using it to reupholster my boat seats.  It is going through 4 layers of marine vinyl like it is cotton.
excelente muchas gracias
Great machine for the money
awesome
"You get what you pay for.  It doesn't work very well, but it will get a simple job done. -- straight lines only.  The thread tension is not responsive to anything even though there is a numbered dial, and as a result the thead is always very loose on the bobbin side of the cloth."
"I like the machine, however one of the sewing feet is missing.  It is missing standard accessory # 006918008 which is an all purpose (or general) foot.  The accessory plastic bag was torn open when I received the machine.  All other standard accessories are accounted for and in good condition.  How can i get this one missing part sent to me?
Thank you."
Works like a charm.  Do A LOT  of sewing and is performing extremly well.
Works great on leather!
This thing kicks ass. Its easy to use. Very powerful. The only complaint its a little tricky to thread.
"I started making outdoor gear back in 2014, I have no idea about which sewing machine to get back then but after weeks of research I decided to go with the 4411. Looking back in retrospect this is a very good entry level sewing machine, it's very easy to set up and it's heavy duty enough to sew at east two layers of 1000D Cordura fabric, despite the heavy duty label it's actually versatile enough to ordinary clothing fabric as well.

However don't let the heavy duty label fool you, this machine is not made to handle heavy material all day long like a real industrial sewing machine and in most case it will break if you try that. Respect its limitation and it will work for you for a long time, mine almost hit the three year mark and it's still going strong.

In conclusion it's a very good entry level sewing machine that is easy to set up and have the capability to handle light amount of upholstery work, not to mention under $200."
Was a gift and still working perfectly. Good product and well built. Worth every penny.
Working well on heavy work clothing.
I love my new Singer sewing machine. It is wonderful. I am having so much fun..
Great sewing machine.  Works well!
This is one of the best purchases I have made. I ordered it through amazon warehouse. It looks brand new and works better than any sewing machine I have ever had. It is heavy duty and sits still while you are sewing heavy denim. Make sure you heed the warning about only turning wheel toward you. It really messes up if you turn it back even a quarter turn. I would buy and recommend this to a sewer of any level.
Works like a charm! The only issue have is the drop in bobbin. So much harder to thread than the old style. I also don't for reverse being switch right above the needle. It's awkward. My old machine had  a button on the pillar. Easier to use.
this product is missing item piece for the threading by the needle.
"Used this machine to sew thick patches on work shirts and even winter duck fabric coats, no problem! I did order heavy duty needles for the job."
Work area too small
so far it is great;
Bought this for my mother in law.. she thanks me constantly.. says it's very easy to use and sturdy..
Very disappointed with purchase from within minutes after use. Bobbin casing keeps catching and tightening up. Have similar issue with the first one I bought but not nearly as bad. But I needed a back up and this one I can barely use. Sounds like it is about to breakdown at anytime its so loud! Now I am stuck with this piece of crap because I missed the short return/exchange policy by one day. Thanks!!!
"This is a great ""prepper type"" machine. Heavy duty, does all the basics and easy to operate."
"I carlos , I am writing to let you that the sewing  machine came open inside the second boxs and it doesn't bring the push down lever for the botton and botton hole foot to stop and it shows it on the video and image why is that please respond a.s.a.p. I will inform you if it work I will try it  tomorrow  bye"
Arrived as described. Quick delivery.
Works great.  Easy to understand directions.
Sturdy and speedy sewing machine with all the basic functions and stitches.
"Easy to learn if you've sewn on other machines before.  Threading machine. ..the old fashioned way!...but great instructions and bobbin doesn't get jammed like it would on other machines.

I was worried based on descriptions, that it might be too fast for me  BUT it wasn't!  So far...no complaints!  I sewed a hem on large bedroom drapes in 10 minutes!  A first for me!  Super easy.  Hard to locate extra parts kept in arm of machine....eventually I found but it didn't explain at all what was in storage arm and where."
we only had it for one day and it works great. if it breaks later i will change review. right now i feel like we made the best purchase for the money.  i was worried at first because of some reviews. good luck to you from brian in baton rouge
Fabulous machine. Easy to use.
My wife attempted to use this machine to sew Halloween costumes. It was broken before all three were finished. Almost $150.00 to sew two costumes. Taken for repair and it can not be fixed. What a waste of money.
I would love the machine except that my needle will not center for straight stitching ...This makes it very difficult to do straight stitching ...The so called needle positioner on top does nothing at all ...I have tried everything I know to do and still no luck ...Does all the other stitches great but without the needle adjusted for my regular work it will be very difficult to say the least
"Great sewing machine, controls are easily accessible and can sew any type of material."
"I am enjoying the machine very much!  I had a difficult to operate White and a vintage machine that was very heavy before - I was able to get rid of both of those (donated!) and keep this new one.  It does all the heavy duty things I needed the vintage machine for, and is still easy to use for everything else!  Very happy indeed!  Lightweight and easy to move around and the manual is easy to follow.  The speed of the machine was a concern for me since it's advertised as a fast one - and it is very fast - but here's the great part!  It's also very controlled speed!  I can go as slow as I need to and the machine doesn't bog down, and I can go fast when I want!  No stitch skipping, the accessories work great, and I'm having fun sewing again!  I had almost stopped because it was just too much of an effort - the right machine makes the difference.  I don't need a professional machine - I do home sewing and mending and crafts for myself - so this machine was inexpensive enough yet has the quality to keep it fun!"
"Very good sewing machine! It seems that it will become my favorite! It looks durable. It sew any speed you want because of the pedal, but the pedal cable is not long enough, an pedal is small and light. But it sews and looks professional and very good!"
BUYER BEWARE!!  This machine was my Mother's Day present last year when I learned to sew.  I have only used this machine less than 5 times and the bobbin started to jam in the middle of my latest sewing project.  I took the bobbin out and had to remove the metal plate to cut out the bird's nest that formed.  I tried cleaning out the area with a brush while the metal plate was off and repeatedly tried to rethread this machine for over an hour.  The result each time was the bird's nest >:(  I have viewed YouTube videos to try to figure out how to fix this and found NOTHING.  The manual and Singer website are completely useless.  It will cost more to fix this machine than what my husband paid for it >:(  There are also multiple reviews online about the bobbin bird nest issues which seems to be quite severe.  I will be saving my pennies to buy a better quality machine like a Bernina or Baby Lock.  Save your money and buy a QUALITY MACHINE because this Singer machine STINKS!!!!
"I'm impressed with this machine. Easily threaded, it was up and running in about 5 min. Very fast speed, but easy to control. If you want a basic machine that sews well, this one is it! I would definitely recommend this machine. Very high quality for the price, I'm sure I will be using this machine often!"
I love this machine
"This was ordered as a gift for my elderly mother. The 1st unit came and was returned for replacement, it kept breaking upper thread. Amazon did replace in a very timely matter. Construction of unit seems sturdy and operation is straight forward. It does not pull the bobbin thread up very high and can be an issue if you have limited vision. Oly major issue with this order was one illustration shows auto needle threader which lead me to believe it was included.  Auto needle threader is important for vision limited."
This machine is stronger than I thought it would be. It sewed through 12 layers of flannel without any issues (I used a walking foot for this). It is my new go to machine for rag quilts. I can't wait to try it with upholstery fabric. The possibilities are endless
my kid loves it
"I like this machine, it sews beautifully, or it did until I ran over a couple of pins that got stuck under the bobbin shuttle. I got the pins out but in doing so I messed up the alignment of the machine so it is in for servicing, and will cost about what I paid for it. Or course, the issue came up right after it was out of warranty. Great machine, I used it alot and to me it was worth repairing instead of sending to the land fill. The company that is doing the repair offers a 1 year warranty on the alignment and any repair, so I figure I have a better warranty getting this one repaired that I would if I purchased another one new.  My advice, don.t run over pins.
."
Returned it.  Not made in USA and some parts did not align correctly.
Great sawing machine and a great gift for tailor
"Purchased this item for my sister, the one who sews. She absolutely loves it and is using it already. I'm looking forward to a new wardrobe now that she's got it up and running!

Thank you,
C Lord"
"I wanted to like this but this was nowhere near the heavy duty that I would have expected. Could not go through fabric layers that my regular machine could do, regardless of needle/thread used. It also had a horrible chemical smell that would give me a headache while I was using it since you have your head quite close to the machine while sewing. I love Singer, so this was a disappointment."
My daughter loves it
This was exactly what I wanted. I do a lot of mending and shortening jeans so like the durability. Very easy to use and very affordable.
The accessory kit was not in the box.
I bought this for my mom and she has being so happy with it.
"My husband bought me 4411 sewing machine 4 years ago to hem his dress pants,  I'm new at sewing the basics, used the machine 3 times in the 4 years I've had it, then few days ago its broken, the thread pools inside the Bobbin and the fabric is stuck. Called customer service, told me to bring it in somewhere for service which costs $100.00 , the machine is so new with the box and all brochures and guides in it. Such a waste of money."
Meets Expectations
Worked like a charm. I am still to see what it can really do. But I am very happy with the product.
love it
"If you have great eye sight this is a great machine. Most basic sewing requires good speed, sturdiness and easy way to thread the needle Has many plastic parts some study and some not to sturdy pieces like the reverse piece which worries me breaking easily."
"My first use I could not make the Stitch Selector work - not even a zig-zag.  I'm embarrassed to admit, it was my mistake that I did not realize there is a ""stitch WIDTH"" selector on top of the machine, above the stitch LENGTH, that must be adjusted for the other stitches to work.  Tried them all and they work well!  Oops for jumping to the conclusion that I had a faulty machine.  My apologies to Singer (and Amazon)."
"given as a Christmas gift. The person who received it, really likes it."
"Wow! Between the apps, online you tube guides and just feeling my way around it, learning to sew with this machine was medium difficulty.. I don't know about anybody else, but I had the hardest time threading the bobbin for the longest time. In the guide, the pictures didn't show that you had to wrap the thread the little notch around the metal screw while thread the needle. Besides that, I'm impressed with speed, stitches, ability to modify the width and length of the stitch."
"This Singer is helping well!!! I remember getting it about 3 weeks and I was not for sure, if it would work but I pray and God give me faith to trust in hime not man."
Great little machine and it is sturdy and easy to use.
wife loves it !
It works well and easy to use. The main reason for this machine was for travel. Light weight and compact.
P.O.S.- broke it sewing some heavy fabric. Now the timing is completely scrambled. Repair would be more than cost of machine. This is a classic example of one of the great problems we face these days: nothing lasts. This is NOT a durable good by any means whatsoever.
great!
Absolutely love the location of the bobbin.  This is a great machine!
I have only used this sporadically to practice my stitching but when I have a project...this will be a great tool for me to use.
Great machine and good price
"This machine is fantastic- easy to set up, smooth, fast and rather quiet.  It makes sewing a joy!"
"The machine was purchased primarily for sewing denim and canvas. After reading reviews and using other brand machines, I rolled the dice. For the money this is an outstanding machine, I have sewn through folded multi layer seams with no problem. I would strongly encourage purchasing a walking foot if you intend to sew multi layer or light weight material. This purchase began as a challenge, I run an upholstery and boat cover business and this Singer now sits beside a $ 6,000 Chandler industrial machine and there's very little it can't handle. We will let time and use determine its outcome."
"Good value, easy to use. Glad I purchase"
I can fix all kinds of things now.
"My daughter absolutely loves her new Christmas present. She has big plans on learning the full process of effective sewing via taking a sewing class and then modeling on her own sewing machine.

I'm very happy and so is she."
"Bought for my daughter, who is a costume designer. She chose it because while basic, it has metal cogs etc and will likely hold up best."
"great little machine, light weight and easy to use"
"I try to use it but it does not work. The feed dog is not raise up. What should I do, I try everything and still not running. Should I return or ask someone help."
Working well so far.
Really good machine
My wife loves it and it's built like a tank.
iLife my Heavy Duty. Sees like a dream. Smooth as slik
I was going to repair my old singer but my kids said get a new one on Amazon-so glad I did!! I love it and cheaper than repairing the old one
My wife who i bought this for loves the machine.
GOOD ITEM
Good!!!
"I had a cheaper Singer machine, this one works so much smoother then my older machine. I does do everything I need it to do."
I used this machine five or six times and something on it broke while I was sewing a cotton pillowcase. A pice hung from inside the machine where the needle is installed. Singer told me the machine is out of warranty and I would need to pay for repairs. They were unable to tell me what the piece was and suggested places for repairs. The customer service rep said that the only thing covered under warranty after the first 60 days is the computer.  The warranty is terrible and the machine is cheap. I would not recommend this machine or brand to anyone. I thought it was a heavy duty machine and would last for years but I purchased it in March and it has not lasted one year with extremely light use.
MOM loves it and I got it at good price
"This is a great little powerhouse of a machine. Have sewn everything from denim & thinner leather, to my own silk wedding dress with this thing.  My only complaint is that the plastic thread spool holder snapped off - wish it had been metal"
"Seems like a great machine, easy to use! I bought it for my son who has never sewn before, and we're enjoying our lessonstogether. A perfect choice!"
Love this!  It sews the leather perfectly.
This machine is worthless.  I was unable to adjust the tension and I am returning this product.
"After using this sewing machine a few weeks I am happy to report that I am well satisfied. I have been looking at industrial machines for some time but I am not that committed to sewing to invest that kind of money.
I love the speed-so much faster than conventional machines."
"Equipment in excellent condition, fully functional, I have no complaints about the purchase, very good care, I recommend it totally."
"I am a seamstress, I simply love it."
"I purchased this model for simple projects like curtains and hemming pants, and I admittedly chose it over other machines because of the 'Singer' name.
While familiarizing myself with the unit, I noticed that the 3-position needle was essentially stuck in the 'right' position. The needle did move ever so slightly to the left when you turn the dial, but it never even reached the middle of the pressure foot. Additionally (and more importantly), the feed dogs could not be raised again after lowering them. I attempted to sew a few lines without the feed dogs and ended up with some truly terrible results.
The machine is packed up and ready to be returned."
"I've been using this machine for months now and it sews smooth and fast, it sews thru vinyl ( faux leather ) the main reason why I bought it. It doesnt jam, sews smooth liks butter, I also like that changing the feet is simple. Also the only difference between this one and the other similar Singer machine to this one was the auto needle threader. This one doesnt have it. This does have a thread cutter on the side of the machine, this is new for me and convenient for me, the bobbin is also under a see thru window which I like.  It does come other a zipper foot that I use alot, with my other machine I had to Google which one was fit for my machine, I had the Janome hello kitty, this is a major upgrade."
"I'm really not good with sewing machines. I have only a so-so understanding of how they work and a tendency to push them beyond what they're capable of doing until they break down and cry. With that understanding, let me just say how much I love this machine. It handles heavy fabrics with such ease that I nearly cried. I am a huge fan."
So far it works great.  A few years back I thought I had to have an expensive sewing machine with a foreign name. Big mistake. This machine hums along and can really sew fast. It is made well and so easy to thread. The bobbin is right where it should be. The bobbin on my expensive machine was on the side in the front and the bobbin had to be put inside a metal piece and plugged in---so much harder. I will never have anything but a Singer from now on! Live and learn.
great product and inexpensive.
Threading it was a challenge but the machine worked flawlessly for my first project
"Heavy duty, after 6months of at least 5 days a week used, its still in pretty good shape"
Not sure if I ever received the ASurion Protection Plan?  That is for the Singer Sewing Machine.
It is fast and it sews very smooth. Perfect for my crafts like purses made with old denim and burlap home dcor.
Looking for just a simple sewing machine.  This is great right out of the box.  The shipping was fast.  Would definitely recommend this sewing machine to anyone.  Have been sewing for over 50 yrs and not everyone needs or wants to do all the special stitches on the new sewing machines.
Machine was a present for my wife but when she used it machine was broken and warranty to return item was lost due to timing Amazon screwed me over and to fix is too much money so garbage wast of my 3 babies money.
"Awesome.  This is my first sewing experience.  I hit a youtube video and had it threading and was repairing my PJ's within 30 minutes with 0 prior sewing experience.

Have used it so far for: repairing clothes, making dolls for my little girl, making sandbag rests to shoot from at the range."
"I've only had it for about a week. I'm a beginner to the sewing world. So it's all new to me, and I have no complaints. Lol. Even if I did have something to complain about, I wouldn't know if it's me, or the sewing machine causing an issue.  So far I Love it. And I hope to get better soon."
GREAT PRODUCT
"Just right for my holiday projects, and future endeavors."
love ituse it all the time
Great sewing machine !!
Christmas present and the receipient loved it
"Great sewing machine. I love it! I don't use it that much though, but the price was right!"
Love everything about it! Sturdy! Fast! Accurate! :)
"Great heavy duty sewing machine
This is my 2nd one which I use for a different setup
when making gear.  This thing sews thru 1/4"" leather....Love it!"
Poorly made. Locked up after sewing only two pieces of denim together. Experienced seamstress.
Works like a wonder
Awesome !
"I purchased this machine and tried to use it and it does nothing but get all bound up around the bobbin and sucks the fabric down...  Just a huge piece of junk.  Buy this at your own risk, just remember that you have to use it right away...  I let mine sit in the box for 2 months, then found out how horrible it is after one use...  Since over 30 days, I cant return...  I buy from Amazon all the time, but I will never buy anything that I don't plan to use on arrival...  Buyer beware that while online is convenient, spending hard earned money for something that is useless points out the downside of not buying local.

DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE!"
Great for beginners!
"Very unrefined and clunky, the thread sucks back up into the machine when started, the only way to properly use the machine is to securely hold the thread to the back as you slowly lower the needle into the work, and then start. I don't have time for that. Anybody that's ever used a nice machine will be very frustrated by this one. I just got it to do fancy stitches and buttonholes as my vintage machines and my specialized quilting Juki don't have these options. Returning."
Excellent
"The best sewing machine I have ever purchased, I am a lifer, and sewing is my trade.
I want one for my office , home and car!"
Came broken
Great machine easy to use.  Just would have preferred the foot pedal to have been heavier to stay in place on the floor
I love my new sewing machine.  It suits my needs and skill level perfectly.
"I sew a minimum of 4 hours most everyday.  I bought this machine to take on a large order so to not put the brunt on my other two (Brother) machines (6 weeks worth of sewing 5+ hours a day).  Now the order is done and I find it hard going back to my digital machines.  This is a classic, no bells and whistles, work horse of a machine.  The materials I mainly use this machine for are heavy socks, heavy-weight fabrics, thick wool felts, and yarn, love it!!  I want to get another, just to back this one up.

Update - Within a few days of leaving this review, my machine locked up.  It will cost more to fix the machine than it would to just by another.  I emailed Singer a few days ago regarding having the machine sent in for repair and have yet to hear back from the company.  I will still buy another Singer, however will purchase the extended warranty via Amazon."
"Work well and I use it to repair cloths, etc."
"I vowed never to buy another Singer. I had a terrible experience with a bells and whistles model with cheap plastic innards that caught the thread.
I have loved my Kenmore machines, but working with thick vintage chenille fabric requires a work horse.  I did not want all kinds of extras.  This is the perfect machine for my needs. Barrels through the thick bumps with speed and precision.  Great value.  It is dependable and doesn't perform tension tricks with the bobbin or upper threads."
Love it! I haven't sewed in over 15 years and wanted to see if I still enjoyed it as much as I did in middle school and I do! This machine is so easy to use and perfect for a beginner or someone re learning after a long time!
I've had a few sewing machines in my time...this is perfect. Simple. Wish they made it in brighter fun colors as the grey put me off but I went with the Singer brand and glad I did. Good value.
This machine is able to sew through the heavier fabrics that I use for drapes and slipcovers that my Janome can not do.
One of the best basic machines on the market.
excellent.
Love this machine!  The only reason to give it 4 instead of 5 stars is the frustration I've experienced in locating the accessories package!  I even ordered a replacement machine and now have to make a trip to UPS dropoff because I had no idea until I called the Singer Customer Service that they are tucked in front of the bobbin compartment.  Simple to find when I knew where to look!  Hoping others find it easier than me.  The machine is a great one so far for the reasonable price.
so far so good.good for sewing light stuff.
"just love my new singer 4411 heavy duty , works well great price , with fast shipping"
"Hey you! Do you like nesting?? Don't know what that is?? It's when a machine borks up your stitch so badly that it looks like a messy, unorganized bird swooped in and just tangled your thread all to bits. Isn't that fun??

It's super fun to own this machine less than a year and struggle CONSTANTLY with nesting on almost Every. Single. Stitch. I spend more time re-threading this machine than sewing with it! I mean, that's why we get a sewing machine, right?? To constantly re-thread, to fiddle with tension, to troubleshoot until we're blue in the face? I know I do!

Oh wait. This is the worst machine I have ever had the displeasure of using. Google ""Singer Heavy Duty nesting issue"" and enjoy the countless YouTube videos, forum posts, etc of people losing their minds because Singer decided to make a machine that WILL NOT SEW PROPERLY. It eats up thread in it's never ending need to NEST. NEST NEST NEST that is ALL this machine does!

DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE. I am going back to Brother because they make machines that actually sew!"
Great
"Use the machine often. Works really well. Not difficult to operate (I'm a beginner), so it was comforting that with a few youtube tutorials I was able to use the machine with ease.
Singer customer service was very helpful!
I've been told by many avid sewers that brothers makes better machines. Suggest that you do your research first. Happy sewing!"
Good sewing machine
machine  broke down least than month
Still learning this sewing machine...
Fast delivery keep up the great work
"Bought for my wife, after she has let a $3,000 complex computer that claims to be a sewing machine  sit idle at our home since we ""invested"" in it...that's years of ""someday I need to read all those manuals"" monologue from my wife....this is a simple, semi-old school sewing machine that is a plug and go, simple use technology.....no volumes of computer complexity---just does what it should without a PhD in computer science....wish I had bought this machine before wasting $3K on a doorstop"
"I'm new to sewing (and really bad at it). This machine is forgiving, sturdy, and really easy to use. So far, I am only having trouble with threading a bobbin- I do not think the instructions are perfect for this."
Having problems with 'Reverse' sticking when sewing stitch length above a '2'.  Have to put it back under '2' to get the feed dogs to snap back into 'Forward.'  Tightened one screw a little firm on the side while cleaning and it took me awhile to figure out why I kept having loops in my stitches.  Temperamental thing.  I wished I had invested in something more expensive.
"Update: I know now that the bunching up is because the leather I am using is too thick. I am sewing together 2 pieces of 3-4oz leather. It will go through it, but the needle does get stuck, so I figured out other methods for my projects to still give it the sewed look and it works just fine.

Used this to sew leather and it does work beautifully. However, when using such a strong material such as leather on this, it won't be an everlasting machine which is typical. I used this for almost 2 years and now it is not sewing correctly. It bunches up and gets stuck. I still rated this 5 stars because for the money, it was able to so what a $2000 leather sewing machine would do and it also sews fabric too of course. Was a great starter machine as its basic and I had no sewing skills at all prior to purchasing this machine. Its time to buy a new one now and I think I will go a step up this time since I've become more knowledgeable with sewing and this machine."
Great for the beginner who doesn't want to spend a lot of $$$
"I like it. It is NOT heavy duty, though. But it runs smooth and makes nice stitches. I wish it had auto threadding feature, but the esy bobbin- in and -out kind of makes up for that. It is also quite easy to thread, it just goes through without catching on anything. Also, like the fact that it is more ""tight"" (less open spaces) and so does not need constant dust/lint cleaning, like the similar price point Janome, that I bought 2 years ago."
"Loving my heavy duty machine for hemming school uniform pants and blue jeans!  My old machine was at least r30 years old, so this machine has been such an upgrade."
I have had nothing but trouble with this machine since I bought it. The bobbin catches the top thread and will not let it pass to create the stitch. The only way to get it to sew again is to take the pressure plate off and readjust the bobbin case. We have looked at the manual to see if there is a solution and the manual is worthless. This happens 3 or 4 times in a seam. The machine is worthless. I have used singer all my life--but never again.
"I REALLY LIKE THIS SEWING MACHINE NOT A LIGHT WEIGHT MACHINE,AND VERY SMOOTH MOTOR"
Does not sew heavy duty fabric. Does not sew upholstery fabric or heavy plastic. They really should change their description. Works well with stretchy fabrics. NOT A HEAVY DUTY MACHINE!
"The machine has been great!  Only downfall was that when it arrived the presser foot was jammed, husband was able to fix it, but had to take it apart somewhat.  Once that problem was resolved the machine worked like dream."
As advertised
"Being a novice on a sewing machine I had to study the Q & A's a few times to make the machine work the way it was supposed to work.  Once I figured that out, the machine performed up to my expectations and did exactly what a sewing machine was designed to do.  I am very pleased with everything except the small needle holes that you have to put the thread through.  I'm up in years and was having a hard time, due to poor eyesight, until I took the needle out and put the thread through it and then put the needle back in the machine.  Very good buy for the price."
Sewed thru many layers. Easy to use. Good price for a every day machine.
I held out and checked many reviews before purchasing. A lightning deal had me buying and yesterday I made 3 skirts with it. The advice to use a video to get started was perfect. I am not a beginner but not a skilled expert either. I tried to sew a boat small canvas without any luck ( could have been my error) but it did handle over lapping seams no problem. I love it.
"The top thread keeps getting snagged in the bobbin area.  With most machines I have owned, you could easily remove  the bobbin thread assembly to clean and troubleshoot.  Unfortunately with this machine, you have to unscrew the plate and take things apart.  That is a bit of hassle but I guess I will need to do that eventually since there is something down there interfering with the mechanism."
"Great for quilts and other big jobs love that I can sew heavy denim,"
Best sewing machine I have gotten from this line of singers. Not super fancy but does an amazing job
Great machine for beginning sewers
Good basic machine. Happy so far after several months
"I bought this about 6 months ago. The first time I used it, ithe was great!!  I was very happy.  The second time I used it, the bobbin area kept tangling up for some reason.  I exchanged the machine with no problem.. I just used the machine for the first time yesterday ( due to sickness and surgeries )  and after using it for 10 minutes, again the bobbin area tangled up.  I feel I wasted my money."
"Strong as promised. Fast motor, easiest machine to thread. Look what I made...pillows and cushion."
"Great little work horse to have around the house for sewing.  I've had plenty of sewing machines over the years and this one is just right for those home projects.  Not fancy whistles and bells.  JUST PLAIN SEWING.  The heavy duty part is good ...  handy machine, stores easily.  threads easily.  Has bobbin winder on top, very handy."
Shipped quick and works great
"Great heavy duty Singer. I purchased it for my mother and she sews daily, she said it's the best."
"I lost my very first Singer in a house fire. It had been over 40 yrs. old, so when it came to shopping for a new machine I knew it would be a Singer. The delivery was quick and well packaged. It has great instructions, easy to follow for set up and runs and feels great. I am going to purchase more attachments soon, but the attachments that come with it is for a good start."
"Love it, easy to use, quiet, smooth"
"Mine lasted about 15 minute before it bound up. It is very difficult to thread because light is kind of dull. High speed stitching is too fast for the average sewing person, it starts hard and then goes very fast which is no good for short seams. I thought an all mechanical machine would be problem free but this thing didn't last as long as a cheap computerized machine, at least they last a couple of years. I have been sewing for 40 years and this thing made me give it up for good. Don't waste your money on this piece of junk."
works great
Great machine and really really fast delivery!
Met all my expectations .  The foot petal slipped  was the only fault.
singer should i say anymore this machine is super
"I'm a newbie sewer so I was looking for something that would be easy to learn how to use. I was able to make a bobbin, thread the machine and start sewing in minutes of opening the box and getting the machine out. Now I just have to learn how to sew straight seams. Ha ha. But that will take some practice. I'm looking forward to using this machine more and getting better at sewing."
I love my singer I think know other can do what she can and now her job is easy just sew some little ripple
"I love it, right out of the box, it worked immediately, definitely a five star sewing machine.  Have used it for several days and so far great.
 Deliver service great also, Thanks,"
excellent machine at a great price!
Gidt for 8 year old granddaughter perfect first machine.
This is my second machine. I love it compared to my Brother quilting/sewing machine. Money well spent.
"I accidentally bought 2 of these last sale ($100) and both machines broke. Brought on in to be repaired and it would need to be shipped out to be repaired. It's a major repair job. Singer is plastic and is crap. Please, save up your money & buy something from your local sewing machine shop. The only reason i gave 1 star is because my response wouldn't be posted without at least giving one."
Best buy for simple sewing.
"great quality for perfect price, steady and easy to use"
awesome product!
Good product!
excelente producto
I'm new to sewing and I found this to be a major pain in the rear to use. The top string kept breaking... over and over.
"Easy to manage, great product, just love it"
It has a nice stitch and sews better than my comercial machine. It is not as fast as the industrial but it is so easy and sews heavy materials as well. I am enjoying it.
great sawing machine
"I have owned this sewing machine for a year and used it a handful of times, and it does not work anymore, I cant return it and Singer should be a good brand and I have always had Singer sewing machines before. I'm not sure if I'm more upset that I bought it from this seller and cant get it replaced. I apparently got one that doesn't work right."
"I love my machine.  I had an old industrial Singer that started to sew uneven and bounced all over my workspace when in use.  This machine is sturdy, has very nice even stitches and is relatively quiet.  Easy to thread and I like the clear view of your bobbin.  Makes it nice to see when you are getting low."
Easy to use.  Works like a charm.
works great easy t use.
Excellemt sew smoothly i love it.
On my second use it locked up and will no longer operate. The motor makes noise but nothing moves. I'm not going to pay to have it fixed a week after I received it.
My mom purchased this for me to teach my daughter and I to sew.  Love it.
"used the machine 2x since July 18th and the machine does not catch the bobbin thread.  It happened 1 time thinking perhaps It was a fluke or something wrong, then it worked.  Sewed a hem on a pair of dockers, then the machine locked up, because of the thread.  My wife has sewed on many machines and when we tried to set the bobbin it was all down hill. The machine is not threading from the bobbin, it tangles all up.  Thank goodness for my purchased warranty!"
"This is the worst machine EVER!!! Do not buy it. It has broken on me three times now. It's cost me more to fix it than it originally cost in the first place! There's something wrong with the timing on this machine. It breaks over and over. I don't know why other people give it good reviews. It is truly terrible. Don't buy, it's a waste of money."
"After a bit of confusion I finally have my sewing machine.  Somehow zi didn't realize that the accessories were stored in the extension arm.  I sent my first machine back thinking they were missing.  This time however I figured it out!  We all have our moments....
Anyway, I am a very experienced seamstress and own a Bernina embroidery machine and a Bernina serger.  The intent for this machine is to take to our 2nd home for basic sewing as I hesitate to drag around a $5K machine.  That said my initial impression with this machine is delighted. I cannot see why I won't get years of service from this unit.  It will be used for repairs, to make curtains, pillows and the like.  I looked at some other brands in local stores and they appeared too lightweight to me.  Just like a heavy weight iron does a better job than the featherlight one, a heavy sewing machine stays put and helps overall.  I will update this as I use it if I find anything contrary to my first impression, but I think that this will be a winner in the long run."
Nice machine for basic sewing.  Great price.
"I bought my first Singer over 50 years ago and loved it, but got distracted to other brands with fancy stitches.  Now I just need something dependable that gets ordinary jobs done, like hemming jeans.  This machine zips though layers of denim with no problem.  No broken or snarled threads.  A pleasure to use."
I needed an item to handle my large volumes of fleece and duck canvas.  So far so good!
Drops stitches. Resetting the bobbin and re-threading don't help. Adjusting tension and length also don't stop this. Could have been damaged in shipping because it does not work as well as the machine we purchased locally (same model) and were looking to replace.
Love this mashin very fast close to indusrtial mashin and compact.
Awesome beginner sewing machine and love that it can withhold heavier materials..love it!
"I haven't used it much yet, but my first impression is that it sews smoothly and has plenty of power."
"1st sewing machine was a used machine,  missing all the needles but one(that someone used)and the thread holder.. Just received the replacement machine and it is missing ALL the accessories and thread holder!  Just received 3rd replacement machine, and it's also missing all the accessories..Zero, no bag!!  Something seriously wrong with Singer... So much time wasted and major frustration...3 machines and not one right! But Amazon's great customer service from a Supervisor finally made this entire nightmare a little easier to swallow...."
"Can't speak for my wife , but from what I hear ""SHE LOVES IT""!"
"Haven't used this machine yet, but looks OK. Hope to sew with it soon!"
"I first bought the Brother XL2600I, but sent it back because the mechanism to shift between stitches on the Brother was broken out of the box and I could only do the standard stitch.

I thought that I would upgrade to a slightly better machine so I bought this. Two weeks after the return period closed the clutch that handles switching between bobbin winding and sewing broke and my machine wouldn't sew. Amazon was, like usual, very helpful and offered to extend the return period but with a return shipping charge. Since the machine was still under the 90 day comprehensive warranty and there was a Singer repair shop 30 miles away, I decided to get it fixed under warranty.

When I was at the repair shop, the repair man told me that the clutch is located inside the hand wheel and on old models there used to be an inner wheel that made it easier to get to the clutch for repairs. With the old models if the clutch broke the needle would move up and down when you wind a bobbin, but the machine would still work. Unfortunately, with the redesign, the machine is inoperable when the clutch breaks.

I'm disappointed as the machine appeared sturdy and well made from the exterior. I will have to disagree with the Amazon reviewer who thought the redesign was an improvement over her old singer machine. Functionally, it is more fragile. I also don't find the sideways thread holder convenient because it limits the size of thread spool you can use. It's fine for average sized spools, but I sometimes use serger thread for quick jobs and can't on this machine.

Overall, I wish I had returned it to Amazon instead of using the warranty."
"I had such high hopes for this sewing machine. It worked very well for the first little bit I used it, then it started to jam up. The bobbin did not thread correctly and it would not even sew light weight fabrics without huge issues. Amazon rocks though, with their free returns"
Great machine love its capabilities
"I was looking for a sewing machine that can work easily on denim, canvas, and multilayer fabrics. I having been using singer 2263 but it's not powerful enough on hemming jeans. I surveyed and bought this singer 4411 as I don't need much stitches jut need a heavy duty machine. As it was described as a workhorse but I was very disappointed when I tried it on only 3 layers of denim the needle broke.
Also, the assessories as indicated include a needle pack with five needles varies size. What I received was actually a pack of three needles, all same size 14/90."
"I ordered this on Tuesday evening and received Thursday morning. I haven't used it yet but I have faith that it will be good since it is a Singer. I've had a Singer and a Brother previously and preferred the Singer so I wanted a Singer again. I choose the heavy duty because I sew denim quite often.
I'll come back and change review if itbdoesnt meet up to my expectations."
"This machine only works when the moon is aligned with jupiter, and the rings around saturn are in good spirits.... oh, and thors hammer is in its rightful place. It repeatedly skips stitches, eats any fabric thinnner than cotton lycra, and refuses to sew anything remotely thick."
excellent machine
"Within 2 months of using it the machine went bad. I bought the machine, I made one skirt and was in the middle of making the second when the hand lever froze. I called singer, no stores around me that can fix it and since I bought it online no one can help me around here. Amazon says I can no longer return it even though I bought it from Amazon LLC! and I bought extended warranty!!!! I have Now I have to find a way to send it to ATLANTA, are you kidding me."
"I love it!! I am not an experienced sewing machine user, but it is very user friendly!!"
This machine is easy to use.  Hate that the advertising said it did a stretch stitch and it definitely does not.  I would not have purchased it if I knew this before shipping it as a gift.
love it!
"I think overall it is a good product, but i had a lot of problem in the initial setting up of it. The string kept getting jammed when loading into the machine. I think it gets the job done. I probably should have done more research before purchasing."
Machine is everything I expected.
"Exactly what this 50+ year-old beginning sewer was looking for - an easy-to-use, basic, solidly-built, manual machine at a reasonable price."
"I like this machine, my other two sewing machines are broken, so I bought Heavy Duty one."
As a beginner (73ys old and one bad eye) I found this Singer 4411 to be easy to thread and use. Frankly I wanted an inexpensive machine capable of sewing heavy materials and not pink in color or have daffodils painted on. The instruction booklet was easy to follow and had good illustrations for setting up the machine. It seems well-made.
"The bobbin broke, another  piece broke off. Haven't had it quite a month yet.. very disappointed with this model. I  feel this sew machine is defective... going to return this sewing machine."
"It's my first sewing machine and it is easy to use. I had a friend show me how to thread everything and the mechanics of it, I would recommend having someone show you the ins and outs if your new like me as the manual was a little confusing or look up a video on YouTube!"
Perfect machine for my needs! Made cushions for outside furniture and the machine was very easy to use.
"I have owned several sewing machines, this is the worst machine I have ever owned.

It is not heavy duty, and I sold it within a few uses.

I have had so many problems with Singer machines, I will not purchase another, unless its an old tried and true machine."
Very good so far
good~~~ i love it
great machine
love this machine.
good
"I can't say enough about this machine. I am familiar with sewing machines, but I am by no means a seamstress. Even sew, I was sewing within 5 minutes of unpacking the box. Set-up was that simple!  The first thing I made was a tote bag - the first one I ever made. This required sewing layers of heavier fabric. This machine did the job with no problems whatsoever.  I love this machine!"
"I like the machine - however when the position of the needle is supposed to be in the middle, it is to the right. I noticed this in the very beginning but needed to sew some things, so I compensated. Is there a way to exchange this for a machine that has the needle in the middle position? Thank you!"
"Teaching my daughter how to sew, she loves crafting, and this is her first sewing machine looks great."
Great machine! Very happy.
Works so well and easy to use!!
I love this machine it is very heavy duty
I thought this machine was supposed to come with the needle threader.  It does not.  Otherwise it works nicely
"I found the Singer 4411 to be perfect for my everyday sewing, patching, and quilting needs.  I liked it so much that I bought a second for my daughter and plan to order again for my son.  I need to note that I encountered a problem when I accidentally caused ""birdnesting"" thread in the bobbin casing and could not loosen the screws, which seemed to have been put on with a torque wrench.  This issue was small and has been resolved.  I'm sticking with a five star rating because tight screws did not affect performance."
This is a very nice sewing machine and works great.
Es lo que esperaba
"Basic machine, but that is exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use."
"My wife wears out machines. Tried this one. Miracle, works perfect."
Perfect lil' machine!
So far I have no issues with it yet.
"Very sturdy not many frills fast sewing machine.  I have a brothers sewing machine I was getting repaired and wanted something to use in case the other might end up DOA.  Having never used a Singer before, I was amazed how fast and well built this machine is.  At high speed, hold on to your hats as this just takes off and maintains a great stitch.  The selection of stitches are great."
"Amazingly tough machine!  We use the Singer 4411 exclusively for the most punishing use possible- teaching beginning sewing skills to group home adolescents.  This machine takes everything they dish out and keeps on going!  As a result we are now purchasing our fourth machine to expand our program.  If you want a no-frills workhorse that won't blink after needle-breaking jams caused by operator error such as incorrect threading, this is for you!"
Love this machine!  I bought it because I can do free motion quilting on it.  It also goes really fast.  I love the LED light.  I had this same machine when I was living in Europe and it had a regular light.  For price it's a great machine!
"I just got it, so far so good. This is my second machine with the first being the Brother CS600i. I definitely like this one better because the metal frame does make a difference. The machine doesn't hop around on top of my table like the last one did at high speeds. The only issue I have so far is that the description on Amazon says this machine is built in Taiwan. I looked at the manufacturer's box and it said China. I don't particularly like China made items because they tend to focus more-so on quantity of output than on quality of the productivity. So that bit annoyed me and makes me distrust the construction if they intentionally lied to get more sales from that. So far I'm giving it a 5* for strength, speed, and ease of use. As far as durability goes only time will tell. For the product not actually being made in the country the advertisement stated that it was built made me give it one less star to a 4* rating."
Bought this as a gift.  My daughter in law is very pleased with this sewing machine.  She loves how easy it is to operate.  It's a real heavy duty workhorse.  Would recommend to anyone who needs an uncomplicated machine that's also a great workhorse.
"Powerful and easy to use, anyone can sew with it."
"I love this little machine.  It is sturdy but lighter than my Viking.  I sews like a charm.  My only negative would that it does not have a needle down option, you just have to do that manually.  Great for a carry and sew with my quilting,"
Hyok
I bought this for my mom and she loves it but now I got to learn how to sew so I can use it!!! :) very happy with such a great machine for such a good price!! I've paid double this and more for cheaper machines!!
I love it! It does everything I need it to do.
"I have not used it, yet. Instructions not clear how to fill bobbin with thread. I think there's parts missing."
"Yeah, I was looking for HEAVY DUTY.  This wasn't it."
WORK GREAT FOR JEAN REPAIR HAVE NOT TRIED TO REPLACE ZIPPER I HAVE HAD OVER A YEAR
"It sews nice and fast and good stitches, but it jams frequently, I am undecided about this after sewing a few hours.  I am a beginner.  I do love the new bobbin design."
"Bought this for a gift for my daughter, and she hasn't used it yet.  Looks like good value for the money so far."
Excellent performance and fast action...  Exactly what I needed to do all my crafts and sewing projects.
I'm writing this review 2 years after purchase. This sewing machine was purchased as a Mother's Day gift or birthday gift (can't reminder) for my mom. My sister did the research since she's the crafty one and decided this was the perfect one. My mom is a self taught crafty person and hasn't used any of the fancy settings but she also figured out how to use the machine quickly. She's made so many beautiful items that are beyond boutique quality. I would say based on her usuage that it's very well made since she's had no issues with it as of yet.
"Perfect machine for someone getting back into sewing as a beginner after many years of not sewing.

Pros:
Very sturdy all metal frame gives me no worries about sewing thick fabrics like drapes and slip covers.
Simple design makes it easy to get started right away without much training.
Easy size fits in smallish spaces

Cons:
The only con is it doesn't have nearly as many stitch types etc. As some of the computerized machines out there."
Slow machine
It thumped from the get-go. A little rubber piece fell out of the threader. Then the backstitching started to knot up and not lock. I returned within 3 weeks of owning.
Easy to use
I am thoroughly enjoying using this machine.  I should have bought it years ago.
"I bought this for my wife, as she was replacing the backs and seats on some wooden fold up patio chairs, and was planning on replacing the same on another metal set. She loves this machine. She Loves how she can adjust the position of the needle without having to move the material, and how easy it is to load the bobbin into the machine, and also how she has the option to load the spool of thread either horizontal or vertical on the machine."
thanks!!!!
Great machine but it does not have the brackets to put in a cabinet. . Very disappointing. I thought all machines could be put in a cabinet . . I just have it sitting on top the cabinet.
This machine is exactly what I needed.  I sewed a lot long ago but now only needed something for crafts and mending.  This fit the bill.  Simple to use and sews great.  Love it!
"Compact, but powerful. It feels substantial as it easily and speedily handles lightweight and heavy fabrics. Simple, straightforward and easy to use. No fancy stitches, but if you want fancy stitches you probably wouldn't be looking at this machine to begin with. This machine is perfect for a beginner, or someone like me, a do it yourselfer who needs a basic machine for a wide variety of projects. A much sturdier machine than most others out there in this price range."
Thanks
Excellent machine!
"It is not heavy duty, I used it for few times since I bought it and I faced many problems,
recently it stopped sewing"
"It's simple, easy and doesn't slide around when sewing. I use it everyday! This is the second one I have bought."
Been good for everything I needed it for
"Had this a few weeks now and it lives up to the reviews that l read. I have an elna for years and this threads similar . Very good value like it very much....
Thanks."
The machine does a very good job at basic sewing which is all I need it for.
"Good quality, good communication, on time delivery. Recommended."
"already broke, i don't know much about sewing machines, but the one thing its supposed to do...it doesn't."
"My first new sewing machine of my very own, this 4411 Singer. Stainless steel, inexpensive, and it's a dream. Setup and threading was simple and I got perfect stitches first-try. Teach your children to sew - I'm not sure the schools do so anymore. We had high school classes, and Mom taught us. Start with doll clothes, as I did, aprons, table napkins, doilies, Christmas tree skirts - Create. Get some patterns, learn to install a zipper, choose a fabric that delights you, and make a skirt. Fitting and mending. A most personally rewarding skill. Mom's 40-year old table unit, and her 20-year old portable that I inherited will go to the thrift shop. She would appreciate the joy."
"This replaced a very old singer machine circa 1970's. That was an old work horse and lasted a good long time........ all metal and weighed a ton..... This machine is plastic, lightweight and easy to carry around, but it certainly is a touchey thing I have had lots of problem with snarling stitching and it doesn't zig zag worth a darn......I would love to have my old machine back again weight and all."
Great!
"I haven't sewed for 20 years but needed to join some heavy sunscreen material. I had no trouble performing the job once I dusted off my ancient sewing skills this machine is well worth the money, just make sure to buy extra needles if using it for heavy fabrics"
Believe me you don't want to buy this machine. Its worst quality machine i've even seen. Cheap materials; nothing but a plastic shell. First time out of box sewing and the darn thing made a loud noise and then no sewing @ all.
It works very well. The customer reviews were very helpful.
"this is my second one, works good"
"Love it ..I'm taking a sewing class and had a dinky one prior to , my first class was frustrating because I didn't have this machine . My teacher suggested this one and I couldn't be happier that I bought it !! It's perfect for beginners or advanced I specifically told her my goals which are to make clothes, alterations, and anything and everything..- a must buy if you want a great sewing machine for half the cost .. fantastic !!"
"This sewing machine is amazing! I've never used  a sewing machine before but I figured it out really quickly, it's really easy to use. I Love it!"
Excellent
"This item is the perfect purchase for my needs!  Perfect price, perfect quality, perfect arrangement... Even my friend who is a professional says this is quite the beautiful machine.  I am grateful that such quality is available, especially here in Hawaii.  Thank you"
Good
I returned this because it dint work
JUST GOT MY4411 TODAY.WITHIN 10 MINUTES HAD THE BOBBIN THREADED AND INSTALLED AND THE MACHINE THREADED AND RUNNING. ALREADY SEWED UP AN INFINITY SCARF AND CANT WAIT TO START MY NEXT PROJECT.  A GREAT MACHINE EVEN FOR A BEGINNER. I ONLY  HOPE IT HOLDS UP OVER TIME AS MY LAST SINGER LASTED FOR ABOUT 30 YEARS.
Works great. Happy with my purchase
No problems.
Good for the price.
"We use these in our small weaving shop. Nice machine, great price!"
bought it for my husband. he kept breaking my machines. its surviving him nicely and keeping him busy.
"Definitely am happy with this purchase. This sewing machine was a steal with my gift card. I barely paid anything out of pocket for it, but let me tell you, If I had to pay for it in full, I would. That's how smooth and great it works."
I love love this machine. So easy!
Works great
"Love it...I purchased this because of a review that had fit my lifestyle..I am not a seamstress, and I'm fairly short and always have to hem my clothes. This machine stands up to hemming my jeans, and it's delicate enough to handle dress slacks and I'm usually in a hurry, this machine has not bunch up the thread in knots"
Ver y helpful
"The machine arrived with no other packaging than the original packaging from the manufacturer.  It was left on my doorstep, damaged and the machine itself is damaged.  When I took photos and called the shipping company, they told me there is no way to prove if it was in that state upon arrival.  Good little machine, no frills and will take a beating if you use proper tools.  My last one survived the RV pounding it took for over 20 years."
So far so good.
My wife bought this and its really doing what it say it can do...so far so good!
"Great Deal, thanks."
"My first impression of this machine was horrible on account of the strangest defect: on the first half rotation the machine was completely jammed. I opened it up and verified that the timing was fine - and the machine, open, cycled fine. I buttoned the bottom cover up - jammed again.  What i found was that the bottom plastic cover under the needle plate was binding with a cam on the bobbin drive shaft - the shafts are mounted directly to the machined steel frame, as is the plastic cover. This could only be a manufacturing defect and i imagine the wrong cover was place on this machine - as a mere centimeter more clearance would solve the issue.

Given that i purchased thw item off craigslist for nearly nothing,  i dremeled a hole in the cover to allow the cam to pass freely, and the machine operated as expected.

Being a notorious warranty voider this didn't bother me, although it displeased my woman for whom i bought the machine.

A few hours of sewing later, she complained that it would not pick up the bobbin thread and when it would, it'd make a rat's nest in the bobbin caddy - so i checked the timing,  which was still fine (these reviews suggested timing jumps a lot), and simply adjusted the spring and finger retaining the bobbin basket.

The machine now sews beautifully, handles leather pretty decently with the proper needle and thread, and is mechanically simple - and solid - enough that I'm confident this little machine just needs an engineer's love to run properly.

So if you're used to building your own drill presses and shop tools, maintaining lathes and cnc devices, i don't imagine you'll have much trouble.  If you've never adjusted sewing machine timing and don't like taking machines apart - go get a husqvarna or brother."
"Great machine, easy to use and a workhorse."
"Great machine for the money and for a beginner, even sews canvas!"
Machine did not look new. Needle position was on the right side of the pressure foot at all needle positioning settings. Will return item.
"The first one we received worked for 5 minutes until the top thread became stuck against the machine and the bobbin housing unit which caused the thread to bind up in a tangled mess in the bobbin housing area.  I sent for an exchange thinking it was just a bum unit.  I had the exact same problem with the next machine.  Unfortunately, i am past the return policy days and now have to ship the item for repair.  I haven't spoken to Singer, yet, but I will.  I think the design is inherently faulty!"
"I'm so happy with my new Singer! I took it out of the box around 8AM Saturday and was sewing in less than an hour. I sewed all weekend and couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. This machine replaced a very basic Singer I taught myself to sew on-- 50 years ago! It had a good run and I was afraid that having to learn a new machine would make me crazy, but it was really simple to set this one up and it works great.

UPDATE: A few weeks in and I'm less happy with it. Why oh why does the machine ""birdsnest"" on me for no apparent reason? In a way, I miss using my old Singer where you could easily get ""under the hood."" This one is so closed up, I don't know what I may be doing wrong and I don't see any way to prevent the birdsnesting from happening at random moments.

FURTHER UPDATE: The End. This machine bit the dust one year in. What happened was this-- the presser foot was never very securely attached to the shank, no idea why, and it moved out of position while I was sewing which caused the needle to hit it and break off. In a lifetime of sewing, I've broken many needles, but never has this caused the demise of a fairly new sewing machine. (In fact, I only ever had ONE machine, till I bought this 4411). I contacted Singer and spoke to people on the phone. They told me that the needle break probably spoiled the factory-set bobbin tension. No sh! t! And that it was out of warranty so I was basically on my own. From what I was reading online, I'd have to make a significant trip to a repair shop --so few still exist-- and then pay half the cost of the machine or more to get it repaired.

I did find YouTube videos about adjusting bobbin tension yourself and was trying that-- what a pain compared to the old machines-- but before I had any success, I took a closer look at the end of the shank, because I was still wondering why it did such a poor job of holding the foot on. I merely touched it and, lo and behold, the little hook at the end of it fell off in my hand. This metal part had broken off. Why, I'll never know.

I needed to replace this machine quickly and found a great deal on a very simple Brother machine --factory refurbished, which I like-- for $50 total. If this one breaks in a year I will have gotten my money's worth, but I don't think it will. I didn't need the ""high speed"" of the Singer 4411. I'm a slow sewer."
"I loved everything about this machine BUT when I would have a bobbin jam every single time I used it, I just couldn't have it for $130.00.  Not only does it use up mounds of thread it also would damage the fabric that I was sewing!  There is clearly something wrong with the bobbin assembly and Singer has turned a blind eye to not fix it.  And my projects were not complex by any means...beginner status trust me. Amazon as always is true to their word.  Thank you.  I ordered a Brother sewing machine to replace it."
"Owned the product for a few years. I'm only now getting around to a review. I still have this machine, it's been used to sew many different african outfits (thick cloth) and it's still working like a dream."
So far I am happy with this machine. I have not had time to do much sewing on it yet. I have only made one little pillowcase dress. I am hoping it will do a good job on several pairs of Jeans in which I have to alter the seat seams.
"I bought this for myself because I wanted to learn to sew.  Several sets of curtains, a pair of pajamas, and two quilts later it's still going strong.  I love this machine!"
I think I got  lemon...I sewed only two pajama leg lengths and it jammed up solid.  Now I will have to take it to a local repair shop where just to look at it costs $45. I would like to return it if I could.
Had to return the first one I got. Second one works better so far. Keeping my fingers crossed!! Bobbin was all messed up on first one.
like the sewing machine very much easy to use
This is the little machine that could.  Excellent for the simple sewing I need to do with great speed.
Overall very happy. Some issues - It didn't come with a thread holder stopper dealio. I used an old one from my prior machine and had to customize it to hold it tight. Other then that. Works good. Strong machine. Use it to mend Jeans.
"Would like it better if Reverse was on the Right rather then the middle and if the foot wasn't so far back, making it hard to see."
"This machine works like a charm - easy to use, smooth stitching, easy instructions. I highly recommend it."
A gift. She really likes it.
Love this machine. Its weight keeps in firmly planted when sewing through heavier fabrics and does not bind up like models costing a lot more. Great value!
"I love this sewing machine! It is very sturdy and durable. The machine is easy to use and operate (especially since I am new to sewing). The paper directions can get a little confusing, but I would recommend watching a YouTube video to gain further understanding. So far the product is working effectively without any problems or concerns.

Pros:
-Very Sturdy and durable
-Easy to carry (it has a handle)
-Comes with directions
-Built better than other singer sewing machine (really like that it is made out of metal, the plastic on my last sewing machine broke)
-power cord is long
-Peddle is sensitive and works very well.

Cons:
-Directions might be complicated for a beginner (someone teaching themselves to sew), but YouTube videos have been very resourceful."
i thought this has overlock function but doesn't.
"If you broke the needle  ,,the adjustment screw for the rod inside must be adjusted correctly, or pay someone $ 75. to remove cover and adjust.."
"It's mechanical, so it's loud. And if you're not careful the thread will slip out of the needle, or out of the tension guide, which will either result in no stitches being made, or the bottom stitching looking a hot mess. A way to know that the thread has shifted out of place is a little ""clanging"" sound. When you hear that sound, stop sewing and immediately check your bottom stitching. If you see a tangled mess, you know to re-thread the machine.
It's fast, which is why I bought it, but the speed of the machine doesn't make up for the time spent re-threading the thing. It's very frustrating."
This was for my mom. It's exactly like the one she wore out. She makes quilts as gifts. She uses the machine every day almost. The first one worked so well that she wanted an identical one to replace it. She's very pleased so I'm vicariously pleased.
"Love it!!!!
It's quiet yet powerful. Just as advertised. I only wish it could be attached to my Singer TOUCH and SEW cabinet.
GREAT MACHINE"
"After using computerized machines exclusively for the past 8 years, switching to this mechanical model has taken some getting used to. I got the 4411, and I honestly regret not getting the next model up. For only 10-ish extra dollars you can have extra stitches and an auto needle threader. Otherwise thought it's been working out just fine! It's relatively quiet, and controlling the speed with the food pedal is pretty easy (but not as easy as a computerized machine obviously). I'm just hoping it's durability makes up for the sacrifice in features."
I have been in need of a new sewing machine for a long time.  I believe that Singer has the best ones out there.
Great solid machine. Love it! Delivered quickly.
Very nice
great deal best service
"Another gift for my grown daughter. She LOVES it. She has wanted a sewing machine for years and I wanted to make sure she got a good one and this one fit the bill. Arrived as promised, easy to use, clear instructions, and just fun times for my baby girl."
"Excellent product for an excelle t price..my dad is very happy.
Is a strong one ..different fora more expensive less features we have bought before here in my country...I am very happy purchasing through  Amazon...thanks a lot!$"
This machine is awesome. No more having to pay for sewing on leather.
"This machine was just what I wanted. I wanted a sewing machine without any digital components, that got the job done. No nonsense. Works great."
Works great!
good. thanks
"I haven't sewn since high school (MANY years ago) and wasn't sure what to buy,I wanted something that could go through thin leather as I like to make cell phone pouches.
This works good on my projects and the directions were clear and helpful.
The price was nice and it will get me motivated to try to make other things."
I was able to hem many chinos and a 14.5oz jeans easily.
Really like this no frills machine.. Great for curtains and Halloween costumes.
"My last sewing machine was a Singer Touch and Sew that I purchased in 70's. It had been repaired/cleaned several times, but this time when it jammed, I decided the time had come for a new machine. After a lot of research, I was going to buy a Brother machine. But in the end, I decided to go with what was familiar to me and I am so glad I did.

I took the machine out of the box, spent maybe 10 minutes looking at the instructions, then started with the sewing. Without having to make anything more than minor adjustments, I sewed over thick hems, regular seams, and zigzagged some edges all with no problems. The presser foot is sensitive so you can easily adjust by pressure how fast or slow you want to sew. Also, the machine is a nice weight, easy to carry around but heavy enough so that it doesn't slide all over the table when you are sewing.

All in all, if you are used to sewing on a Singer machine and want to ""get down to business"" without the help of YouTube, this may be the machine for you.

Suggestions:
1. If you want a machine with more stitches, Singer also has the 4423 or the 4432 which have more features but are basically the same machine. (More expensive naturally!)
2. You might also want to consider ordering the accessory foot kit ($49) which is much cheaper than if you decided to order any of the other feet separately."
"this is my first sewing machine! i'm absolutely in love with it! it's a great machine with a lot of flexibility and growth for a first time user!!! changing the needle, threads, etc...were pretty easy!"
Bought this as a gift for my mom to replace her old one and she loves it!
"Just on time, Excellent purchase!!"
A+
"Great heavy-duty machine that sews very nicely through medium-weight leather plus layers of fabric and interfacing. I would definitely recommend this if you want to try sewing heavy-weight materials without buying an industrial sewing machine. Very reliable, and made of quality parts, with metal components where you might have expected plastic."
"Like some buyers of the 4411, I am a beginner and was at first pleased that it seemed like an easy sturdy machine.  Later, I started having problems and assumed it was because I am a beginner and must be doing something wrong.  As I looked more into what was happening I found other users also complained that sometimes units would bind or stop threading with the bobbin thread correctly.  It seems from reading the other users who have failing machines that I have to send it to a repair shop.  But I hardly used it!  This is unfortunate because I assumed by buying a Singer that I could learn on a robust machine."
Ordered this for my mom and it was a great Christmas gift. She wasn't expecting it and the product came in safely in another box. My mom used it right away and loves the stitches and how quick and easy it sews. Definitely heavy duty and highly recommended for anyone who enjoys to sew. Great price as well.
"I am revising my review as this machine has tuned out to be a big ZERO.  since purchase it has been to the service shop 2 times and now they want to replace it with a lesser model.  I am currently engaged in an ongoing battle with Singer as to why would anyone in their right mind want a used machine, that of lesser value to replace what was a gift to begin with.  The good old days of Singer being quality may have long since past.
*****PLEASE NOTE THAT NONE OF MY REVIEWS ARE MEANT TO REFLECT POORLY ON THE SELLER, THE SELLER HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE SERVICING OF THIS PRODUCT*****
****05/17/2016****UPDATE TO MY REVIEW
So, this machine remains a big fat zero.  My mother received a replacement 4411 on May 4th,  after threats of my contacting the BBB and Consumer Affairs.  But....on May 15th, the machine froze up again!!!  She called Singer and they told her that the replacement held no warranty, only the original purchase does and all repairs will be at our burden.  Not happening!  This time there was not just a threat of contact BBB, I filed a claim and I also contacted the Assistant Attorney General Consumer Protection for the State of Arizona.
These people are pushing their defects to the consumer and have basically brain dead rejects doing their customer service.  Try and get a supervisor on the line and you could be on the phone for up to 4 hours while someone passes the phone back and forth enough times trying to CYA enough to reach someone who might actually care about a customer.  They are a joke.  Don't buy a Brother machine either, because they are also built by the Singer Company and if you need service, you will be subject to the same garbage.  Quilter's beware find a better machine."
Great machine for the money.  Purchased for my wife who is an experienced seamstress.  She loves it.  Great basic heavy duty machine!
"I bought this machine to sew my heavy duty boat cover.  This machine does it with ease.  Easy to use and works like a charm.
Singer was one smart cookie!  Now I am actually LOOKING for stuff to sew!"
"Great sewing machine with enough weight in the base to feel stable as you are working in your projects. I probably didn't need all the different stitch options, but I would pay more for the sturdiness of this machine over other cheaper options. It's still a great price point!"
"Nice machine and great price. I was using a Kenmore portable from 1968. I'm sure it cost more than this one way back then. This one is so much lighter, easy to use, and effective with heavy duty fabric. I bet I'll be able to sell the ""classic"" kenmore to someone who has a 1968 Mustang in her garage."
It does  everything I expected it to do and more. It even does a few things my Bernina didn't do! I just use my for clothing and backpacking gear repair.
Great machine!
"This machine was obviously designed by a left handed person, so it's a real pain to thread! And where's all the metal that it's supposed to be made of?"
love it!!!
"I've never sewn before using a machine, but after buying this Singer and watching a short youtube video on getting started, I went on to sew 24 full-size Christmas stockings this week. There are tons of options and stitch variations to choose from and usage is fairly straight forward. I never had any issues with jamming or what not. When this machine gets up to full speed it really goes! Comes with a nice accessory kit (extra bobbins, thread spooler, etc). I would say that I wish the foot-pedal was metal not plastic, but I haven't actually had any issues with it so I can't complain."
"Ready to go right out of the box. Pretty much a beginner work horse.
Relatively quiet, and extremely self explanatory and 'idiot proof'."
Quality sewing machine for a great price!
i love it
Works great.  Seems to have oil leaking on the bottom.  Every time I pick it up to move it there is a small stain of oil.
great machine. had it for 4 years. still going strong.
"My daughter loves it. Smooth motor, metal plates and easy to load bobbins she tells me makes a great little machine. Great price too."
"Horrible. I've owned many machines, but this is by far the most frustrating out of them all.
If constant rethreading and tension issues are what you're looking for, then you'll love it.
I wish I could return it...it's going in the back of the closet and back to Brother or Bernina."
"Very smooth and easy to use, so far this was a good choice."
"I have only used once, but it was easy to set up and use. I have lots of sewing projects coming up soon, so I can't wait to see how well it holds up."
"This is my first sewing machine, and I have no complaints about it.  Granted, I am a complete beginner, but I have found that it has been a good machine to learn with.  I wanted to hem thick curtains, make a baby sling, and sew through some decently thick layers fabric, and it has handled it all well.  I told the machine, ""I don't know what I'm doing yet, so give me grace,"" and it seemed to respect my NOOBishness.

I like how simple the setup and appearance are.  It seems practical and sturdy--I don't care that it doesn't have 1001 different programmable stitches--it just does good, solid stitching, and saves me a boatload of time (I used to hand-sew everything).

The variable-speed foot control, as others have mentioned, accelerates like a superpowered hot rod, so you'll need to practice feathering your step.  The instruction manual is also pretty basic, so you may need to supplement with Internet help--but that's why there's an Internet.

So!  All in all--no complaints.  I look forward to a long history of learning with my new, silvery buddy."
i love it  great product
"I bought this as an early Christmas gift for my wife, and she loves it. It took her very little effort to figure out how to install the thread spool and bobbin, and she was sewing in a matter of minutes."
Its a good machine!!!!
I love this
It ate my fabric and I had to cut it off and basically messed up what I was working on...I'm disappointed. it just keeps jamming. It does not make your sewing experience fun.
"My White machine could not be repaired because of needing obsolete parts.  I paid $500 for it 30 years ago.  To replace it I wanted something sturdy, basic, and reliable. Actually, I was prejudiced against Singer sewing machines, but when I read the online reviews about this one, I decided to order it.  I am completely delighted!  For only $130 including shipping (Amazon Prime), I have a machine that is the equivalent of my old one, only every feature that could have been better on my old one has been improved on this Singer.  For example, the thread holder on the White was a vertical post; the spool would jump up and down as the thread was fed out, and sometimes get looped around the post, bringing sewing to a halt. On this Singer model, the thread feeds smoothly from a horizontal post, facilitated and held in place by a special cone-shaped part.  The thread cutter on the White was not really sharp and was in an awkward location under the head; on the Singer, it is located handily on the left side of the head and is very sharp, yet protected.  The threading pattern on the Singer is printed right on the machine!  The bobbin has a clear cover on which is displayed the correct direction for inserting it. The controls are basic, nothing fancy, but very easy to understand.  It does straight stitch, zigzag, buttonholes, blind hem. This machine would be perfect for a beginner, but also for someone like me who has been sewing for years and just wants a reliable basic tool for household sewing. Seems sturdy and well-built; I'm expecting it to last, but I'm also expecting that if I need service or repairs the company will still be around, unlike White.  This is not a bash on White sewing machines, I'm just so delighted to find such an acceptable replacement at such a low price."
"I am a beginner, and love this machine. Very easy to set up, and use."
"arrived earlier than expected and I love how machine is working, thank you!"
This machine is truly a workhorse!
"I am an idiot and I can use this machine productively.  Easy to use, doesn't take an Einstein."
mom loves this she uses it all the time for different items
Excellent machine....
"This has been a wonderful sewing machine so far! You could just call me a beginner since I had not sewn a thing since middle school prior to purchasing this machine. That being said, this has been such an easy machine to relearn on and was exactly what I needed. I didn't want a lot of confusing buttons or fancy settings. So far, I have made curtains and Halloween costumes. As an occasional diy/crafter this machine is all I will ever need. As a beginner myself, I would highly recommend this to another beginner.

Also, there are a lot of instructional videos on the internet for this model which was particularly helpful for me as I tend to be a visual learner."
Great machine for the money!  Lightweight. Up and running out of the box!
"I don't do a whole lot of sewing but it works well, all the sewing errors that have happened while using this machine have been my fault. It does lack some power when the material gets really thick, I made a dog bed cover with a fleece material and in the corners it would take a second or two to start but then it would be fine. I am really happy with it over all."
"I love this machine but replacing the bobbin is a real ordeal .It is extremely difficult to get the thread through a VERY tiny place on the side which the directions say the thread must go. It takes me so long I dread changing bobbins as this is a very poor design on the bobbin holder.

Otherwise the machine is powerful and sews  over heavier fabric once I get that darned bobbin in place. It is a top bobbin and my old machine had a bobbin on the side which just slipped in so easily.  The company really needs to do something about this bobbin design,."
A solid machine. Sewing is easy with this.
"Excellent product, shipping was fast and I am very pleased with the sewing machine."
"Best mechanical machine I could find. What I like best is that I can manually change the settings. It is heavy duty, is easy to use, and is priced economically. I've had it for a couple of months and it sews great."
"Purchased several of this machine. The features are very good. The machine being made of metal helps, because it does not move around on you. A good machine. For people who are into sewing"
"this is the best sewing machine i have ever bought, easy to operate and fix problems. great machine"
Perfect for a beginner
"I, from scratch, learned and built an ultralight technical backpacking tent with this machine in several days. It did everything I needed it to, was extremely easy for a beginner to learn on, at an excellent price. For me, leaves nothing to be desired, and feels built like a truck: rock-solid."
"great machine, HOWEVER, picture of bobbin winding in instruction sheet is incorrect and should deleted, no picture at all would be an improvement, trying to wind bobbin per instruction picture caused much consternation"
"Wow it's really nice quality ,  not heavy for carry.  I love it.  Now I have 2 sewing machine.  The old one singer it's all metal and it's  a 24,years old.  My dad gave for my birthday . And it works very well.  But it hasn't the power when I want to sewing a denim projects.  The new one it is perfect for sew denim. It has a power. Yeah..  I love to those. Thanks."
Dont believe the book tells all you need to know. Friend helped me more than book.
Every time I load the bobbin takes about 10 minutes. The machine is great other than this.
great machine
"I had a Singer Traditional machine for 7 years that finally gave up on me and this one is the perfect upgrade! It has all the aspects of the Traditional machine with a few new feature (like the bobbin window!) that are super helpful and not too overwhelming to adjust to! Sews clean and fast, it's perfect."
I just wanted something very basic for sewing once in awhile. I really like it
"I am very happy with my Singer 4411.
Easy to use. Works great. Thanks. JJ"
Bought this for my 13 year old daughter. She loves it so far... Only had it for a couple weeks.. So can't really say how durable yet
"This machine is advertised as heavy duty but cannot keep up with 1-2 hours a day of sewing basic cotton. Yesterday the tension dial broke and i cannot use or recommend this machine. It's still covered under warranty so i'll have to send it in, but i'm buying a better machine and using this as a backup i guess."
"This items seems to meet my expectations.  I did not receive a manual, so I searched for one on the internet and found a tutorial video for Singer Heavy Duty Sewing machines (no identifying number).  However, when viewing the video tutorial, I noticed that I do not have a needle threader as the sample machine in the video included.  It would have been great to have it on this one, too.
It also does not include the blue marks on the stitch guide that was identified in the video.  I am not sure if it has the same capabilities and will have to experiment with the machine to determine if it is similar.  All said, this will meet my needs for mending and simple sewing that I now perform.  It seems sturdy enough.

March, 2017
I have used this machine a handful of times (or less) to repair clothing.  However, it now mysteriously is jammed.  My brother-in-law, who has repaired various types of sewing machines, could not find the cause.  Would never buy this item again!"
Great machine for the price!
"It was great, sewed about 10 items very simple repairs, now it is constantly jamming up in the bobbin thread, have done many different trouble shooting techniques,just simple malfunctions. save your money and get a better machine."
It is kind of hard to view exactly where the sewing line is located for some reason and the flow is a little less than smooth....kind of stiff.  Maybe I will get used to it.
after used the  machine  the case were the  bobbin case  go  lock and don't move  I call and  I put  the compliant  and nobody  anwers  129.00 too wait  this  machine is a trash  I DO NOT RECOMENDE D
I love this machine! Easy to understand and operate.
This machine is exactly what I needed.  I do a lot of mending & some quilting.  This machine has sewn thru several thicknesses of denim & canvas.  I repaired my friend hammock.
Please tell me number of guide that this report does not appear
Works wonderfully! Fast and easy to use. It's not as loud as I expected either. It's a bit heavy but it's a great machine!
"I have been sewing for more than 45 years. My machine needed to be replaced, and I thought about buying a used one--just a simple standard sewing machine, but then I wondered how long an old machine would last. This machine is just what I was looking for--it could have been even simpler, I don't need decorative stitches--and it's new, with a warranty. I haven't had it long, but it does work just fine. I was a little worried about the speed, 1100 stitches per minute, I thought I'd have to learn not to race away with my sewing, but it sews like any other machine. I was a little put out about the horizontal spool, but it came with a vertical spindle that works fine."
"Can't praise this thing enough. I've had it now for four months I'd but again and recommend it to everyone. So easy to use and so sturdy. Hope it lasts a long time. Would buy again even if I only got a couple years use it's such a breeze to work with.

Yes it is very fast, and that leads to a fair amount of problems if you've never sewn before. I think it could still be a begging tool, how ever it does have a little bit of a learning curve because of the speed.
It is not my first sewing machine even though I'm still only in my first year of sewing, I learned on someones old machine from the 70s, the speed took a little to get used to. But now I can't imagine going back to a normal medicine.

I've made a pair of jeans and a kilt on it and both projects it handled beautifully."
good
Seems strong and fast but it is mostly plastic.  I thought by the looks of the pictures that it was mostly made of metal.
"Very easy to set up except for the threading of the tension. I'm used to the tension being on the knob on front, but this is inline with the threading. Once I got that threaded right, it hasn't missed a lick. I've made curtains for the living room, dining room, kitchen, and cushions for the dining room chairs. Refilled the bobbin 3 times in the first 2 days because of all the sewing that had been waiting. I was leary from some of the reviews, and because Singer isn't what it used to be, but this machine has restored my faith in the name.
A beginner would love this - you don't have extra wheels to put on for button holes and such - very easy to follow directions for all the simple-yet-fancy stuff."
Great machine
Purchased to use for occasional repairs.  On it's third time out of the box the needle adjustment wheel broke.  Of limited use now.  Would not buy again.
Good
"Bought this at Bi-mart here in WA for $120.00 So far it works great in up to 3 layers of Denim.
I could always push more layers but I don't wanna break anything by going 4+.
Very easy to use and simple.
Highly recommend for people looking to buy into a machine that will do anything from silk to denim"
"It took me a while to get to my project and the machine sat in the box it came in for some time. But as soon as I was ready, I turned it on, put the bobbin, threaded it (by hand since I didn't feel the need to use the threading tool) and it worked beautifully! It works well on all types of materials. I am currently working with a fine ahimsa silk fabric and the machine handles it smoothly.

As a fashion designer and past user of commercial juki machines when I made everything for my collections myself, this sewing machine feels sturdy, yet it is portable. The pedal is not made of metal and that's the only thing that makes it feel less sturdy, but it is. I am very happy with my new sewing machine and it has inspired me to sew again."
"It is good, It is Singer"
The replacement looks like it was dropped according to the young lady who was teaching how to sew. The alignment of the needle and the threading was totally off center. The product would require to be taken apart and re-centered in order for it to be usuable again. There was so many good reviews that I just know it would work. So disappointed with the product.
Machine works fine. Shipping was timely. Please check inside the machine for the accessories. Easy to miss.
"The one my mom gave me, 23 years ago, finally gave out so I bought this one. FANTASTIC right out of the box.
Best little hard worker just like my old one."
I bought this machine at the end of last year and adore it. It is simple & easy to use. My first purchase of a sewing machine and I couldn't be happier.
The machine is great for beginners!
LOVE THIS! Manual gives perfect and easy to follow directions.
"I am the frustrated owner of a singer 4411. The design of this machine is not done with sewers in mind. The head is huge, you can't get your hand in to thread it. The piece that pulls out for free arm sewing is on a platform, the fabric gets caught on the rails and makes it very hard to do free arm sewing.  Singer says a size 15 bobbin fits this machine, the bobbin is just enough smaller than the original bobbin so that it wobbles in the case and the thread tangles and the machine jams. WHATEVER YOU DO ''DO NOT LOWER THE FEED DOGS, THEY WILL NEVER GO BACK UP''. These ate just some of the problems I have had with this machine and to get the feed dogs fixed I have to incur the cost.  I have owned singers since 1960 and I will NEVER own another  one."
This machine lives up to my expectations and surpasses them.  The machine is easy to use and well made!  Do not hesitate to order it!
My mom loves it
Product as stated!
"This machine is exactly what I wanted!  While it's marketed as a no-frills, heavy duty machine, the fact that it can still do lots of different things is a great.  It reminds me of the old Singers...mechanical wonders meant to last.  It sews beautifully, is very straightforward to learn, and is much quieter than I thought a machine could be.  I looked at lots of machines, much more expensive than this one, and they all had such mixed reviews I couldn't make a decision.  Then this one popped up in my feed and I checked it out on several different sites...all good reviews.  Because of the price, I decided to take a chance, and I'm very glad I did.  This has been a great machine, and I couldn't be happier.

The machine seems to go through both thin and thick fabric equally well.  I've used it for thin cottons as well as barkcloth, both layered over several times for French seams, and the machine just sailed through without a hitch.  I don't sew stretchy knits, so can't speak to the handling of those.  The LED work light could be a little brighter, but it does seem adequate.  I wondered about the horizontal thread spool holder, but it actually works very well.  The only thing that I wonder about is that the actual spindle that holds the spool is plastic, and I make myself be mindful of it when changing threads so as not to break it.  It doesn't seem extremely fragile, it's just that the machine would not work without it, and I don't want to take a chance!

Winding bobbins is easy enough, and there's a diagram printed right on the top of the machine to make sure you thread it properly (easy).  I do have to say that I stop the bobbins before fully wound, as they seem to over-fill a bit before popping off and stopping.  It's not a big deal, it's just that they seem to do better in the machine if they're not over-filled.  Inserting the bobbin is easy, just be careful to get the thread going through properly.  Again, the printed diagram right on the bobbin cover helps with that.  The bobbin sits in the machine horizontally, and the cover is clear plastic, so you can see how much thread is left on it...very handy!

This machine is, I think, worth more than its price.  I've had it for several months now, using it semi-daily, and have had no problems.  It was nice to get something that does have enough choices to cover any basic sewing needs (zigzag, satin, straight, stretch, buttonhole, etc.), but a pleasant surprise that most of it is intuitive, has a short learning curve, and the manual was NOT an inch thick.  Add in the fact that it is one of the more affordable machines out there, and I think it's a definite winner."
Very good!!
Great model for our motivated 6th grade sewer. Her sewing instructor says we bought a great one.  Easy to use but versatile to offer some creative seams!
"I am very pleased with the machine.  I got it mainly for alterations on jeans, pants and every day clothes.  Nothing fancy.  Just the basic sewing needs.  So far I have been able to do everything I wanted to do.  I am now looking for things to sew."
"It gets hot and really works hard on the motor for quilting purposes and even in normal sewing.  I've tried oiling it, greasing the belt, and it still strains with the motor.  Nice machine, if it would work properly.  Fine now for small things like hems and such, but definitely NOT heavy duty.  It won't even go through denim to hem jeans."
"I can't say enough good things about this machine. I have owned 3 others that I always had problems with, so I just stopped using them. This little gem is a work horse. I have sewed my first quilt, and numerous blankets. If you just want a fast and reliable machine, this is it. May I also add go on you tube for instructions to load the bobbin. So good!"
"I've had it a few weeks , not had a lot of tome to sew.... made two rag quilts and a bag though... works great although im very careful not  to turn wheel away from me because of reviews and set up instructions"
Wonderfully fast machine!  Simple enough to use but powerful enough for everyday use.
"I have used this machine a lot for about 8 months since I bought it and it has performed well. This machine does do a good job on heavy duty fabrics, and lighter fabrics, as well.  I like that it will work for a wide range of fabrics. The only problems I have encountered ended up being operater error and I was able to figure out the cause in the manual. I would recommend this machine to a friend."
Wife loved it !
Delivered on time. And works as expected
"The 4411 is exactly what I was looking for. My 40 yr old Singer was beyond repair and after searching online and reading many reviews, I finally decided to give this machine a shot. I use my machine mostly for repairs and simple projects, but because this machine is so easy to use and very lite compared to my old machine I will definitely start expanding my projects."
"While not my favorite machine, it makes a good back up."
This is a nice sewing machine for the money Not sorry i bought it
"I've used this HD Singer for about six months on a monthly basis and have been very satisfied with its quality and reliabilty. I like the fact I can sew heavier materials (jeans, some canvas, regular cloth materials) using the right needle and thread and its easy to use settings for different types of stitches and reversible motion works very nicely. I used an older Singer pro model for creating canvas type products several years ago and this one would almost do the same, but I suspect really isn't built for it long term. The plastic housing seems durable enough and should last for many years. However, keeping it well maintained may surprise me. Comes with a button holer and many other accessories. I purchased metal bobbins and heavier needles to complement this machine, which all work well. The foot control seems cheaply made of plastic, but has worked well so far."
Bought this for my mother and she LOVES IT!! Singer is a trusted brand and she had her original Singer for almost 35 years until it finally broke down.
It works great and the price was a great deal.
Great ez-to-learn machine for a sewing beginner like myself. I'm havin' a blast with it!
First one didn't work but easy replacement and the second one is working perfectly. Good value for the money.
It's all that I had hope it would be
"Great machine, bought this as a gift for my daughter. She loves it"
"Perfect replacement for the old iron-base workhorse I used for 30 years to put patches on Army Uniforms!  This sews very well through heavy material and has been used extensively for repairs, love it."
So far so good.
"EXCELLENT sewing machine. It is heavy duty as described. I was able to sew through 4 layers of heavy canvas, and the sewing machine didn't balk or slow down.....and more importantly, it didn't miss a stitch!"
It was a gift for my sister. She said that is amazing.
Bought to do heavier duty sewing which it does admirably. Is surprisingly compact & lightweight despite efficiency for sewing  heavier duty fabrics. Good reliable performance. Easy to follow instructions
I was somewhat disappointed with sewing jeans with it and that is what I mainly purchased it for
"Had this for two years, now. Solid little machine has stood up to anything I've thrown at it including denim, calfskin leather, plastic, with all grades of thread. Had a second with some heavy heavy duty thread I had to learn about tension adjustment, but the dial is right on the front and worked great once I figured it out.  I have it tucked under a worktable ready to go at a moment's notice. Now when I rip something it takes less time to fix it than it would to buy a new one. Love it."
This is an amazing sewing machine.
"This broke within a month. I bet most of these reviewers posted its praises when they first started using it not a few months later. I bought it thinking it was heavy duty, I sew denim on denim...it was not up for the task. Maybe on lighter fabrics it will have a long fruitful life, but its NOT heavy duty."
"I have sewn several different types of fabric, from very light nylon sleeping bag material to multiple layers of heavy cotton with no problems. No problems changing stitch pattern or length if you follow the directions. Have only done mending type jobs so far-- no real heavy or constant use-- so don't know how it will stand up over time. So far, I like it a lot."
Wonderful !
I am very satisfy
I love it.
I love it!
I had this machine one year when the needle jammed into the machine.  Took it to my local repair shop where they said the plastic parts don't hold up well in this machine.  Assembled in China.  Labor to fix it is as much as the machine costs.  I'm getting a machine with more metal parts.
"Is a very nice machine.  I didn't know there was a self threading one.  With my sight problems, I should have gotten that instead."
"I've only used it a couple of times so far.  It works well, although it did knot up above the bobbin about three or four times ."
This is a great machine for sewing heavy material as well as thin material. I would recommend the singer 4411 to anybody that wants a trouble free machine
"Absolutely nothing ""heavy duty"" about this clunker.  I bought it specifically to sew leashes and collars.  Did not handle even two layers of the poly webbing.  Very noisy.  No needle threader was the clincher...returned it next day!"
"Working great, use often. Good purchase."
This machine has a powerful motor and can sew through about 8 layers of denim! It purs like a kitten and is so smooth! I wish I had bought it years ago! Well worth the money. I quilt and sew every day and I couldn't have asked for a better machine.
I love this machine I have had several singers but this one the best I highly recommend this machine
Just exactly what I was looking for.
Singer has gone way down with their QA
Great machine...simple and straight forward! just what I wanted!!! :)
"All essential parts included. Instructions are clear, Works reliably. No issues with mechanics getting out of sync so far, as mentioned by some reviewers. I did not use it much yet, but few minor jobs went without a hitch.  As one heavy-duty test, I even remastered an old natural leather purse into a simpler zipper bag, the machine handled several layers of leather successfully, not as smooth as light fabrics, but survived, no damage whatsoever."
Great machine for its price!
I have not had any problem with it. The speed is good and love the instructions. Thank you !!
"Sturdy, fast, the perfect size, and overall a great buy!"
Love it......
"Excellent sewing machine had another brand that just never worked and had lost of problems, this one work great"
loved
"I am a beginner sewer. I chose this machine after reading some website reviews and recommendations for good machines for beginners. I have only done a couple of projects so far but I have been happy with it. It's easy to get started - there is a quick guide to help you get going right away, before you delve into the whole manual. It seems pretty sturdy and I like all of the features when I compare it to other machines I've used in the past."
Very simple and reliable
Great sewing machine thus far.
This is exactly what I need and is very easy to operate
"perfect for what I needed for my sewing project. I'm happy for the performance and the price, it's really a good buy!!!"
This machine sees thru all the thick material. Great machine
"Returned the sewing machine...doesn't fit my sewing table.  Had my original ""steel: machine fixed...will far outlast this alleged heavy duty machine."
It was exactly what I wanted. I have yet to try it out on thicker material but I have no doubts it can handle it.
Save your money & go to a sewing shop. After a month of usage it broke down and to repair it was over $100. Go buy a better machine from a different brand. Singer is not what it used to be 40 years ago.
Great sewing machine for beginners. I have sewn 12 drapes and had no issues using the machine. Instructions are very clear and the machine is not complicated to use.
It is not good for heavy material.
It works great nothing fancy but does the job. Goes through several layers of material and doesn't slow it down.
this was a gift for a friend. not sure how much she likes it.
Way better than I imagined. It's fast and easy to operate. I love it!
"I bought this to replace my 35 year old Singer portable.  I LOVE this one. Now, I'm not a seamstress, I make curtains do alterations etc.  But this one is heavy enough not to move, but easy for me to carry.  My old ""portable"" must have weighed 50lb!  I found the manual very good and it was so easy to set up and get started."
"The  best sewing I've ever had.  if are in the market of buying a sewing machine, buy this one .......you will love it.  It can sew through jeans without any problem."
"Works great. Not that happy with the threading of the bobbin but once that was accomplished, loved it. Sews fast and works great on jeanst."
Very good and reliable. Works smoothly.
"I started making purses out of canvas with very heavy stiff interfacing. My Janome was not up to it. Got another Singer, but it wasn't heavy duty enough for it either. So decided to give this one a try as my next options were industrial/commercial models that ran about 1000.00 dollars.

Soo glad I got it. Works great, even on seams that are almost too thick to fit under the foot! Amazing.

Now a few tips - Set the stitch length to 4 for thick things and get the heavy duty needles - sometimes called denium needles.
This machine is very persnickity about the thread being fed thru all the thread guides (there are 2) leading down to the needle. If you don't have the thread thru those guides your stitches will get messy. So you MUST ALWAYS use the thread guides.

When I am completing a group of projects I will have the machine in use for 8 - 12 hours a day. Now that is not constant use as there is some pinning together parts and such, but it is on that whole time. Didn't over heat or get tempermental even during a few back to back days of heavy use on heavy fabrics.

On long straight seems it can really 'fly' even thick heavy canvas seams. I just love this machine - best one I have ever had."
Nice machine. Perfect for home use.
My first sewing machine so i have no idea what I'm doing
Love my heavy duty sewing machine!  So far it performs very well & not complicated to use.
Not pleased with the price. Checked with Wal Mart and was the same price.
excelent
I absolulty love this machine!  Great as  starter...
Highly recommend - very tough machine. extremely satisfied
The best of all Singer.
"I am taking this to the repair shop today.  I have carefully threaded and rethreaded.  I am ready to take a hammer to it.  Constant thread jam!  Now it's jammed so I can't get it to sew at all.  There is no visible tangle so I don't have anything else to try.  I have been frustrated with this machine forever.  I will be sewing along just great and all of a sudden something goes amiss, and threads are all wrapped around in the bobbin case.  It is difficult to remove them, and the instruction book is very minimal and somewhat unclear."
I've been sewing for 50 years. This machine got great ratings but the one I bought completely broke down within the first week. Luckily the dealer took it back and gave me a complete refund. I definitely do not recommend this machine.
"First-time sewing machine user here. Needed a machine to make ~60 or 70 yards of curtain panels for the house, as well as room dividers. After about 7 or 8 hours actual sewing time, the machine continues to function smoothly, despite my breaking 4 or 5 needles as I learned not to go through too-thick hem corners (6 to 8 layers of fabric) at high speed.  It runs at top speed through 2-ply medium-weight cotton canvas without a problem, no skips.

As some other reviewers have mentioned it does have some plastic parts in strange areas, e.g. the presser-foot lifting lever is plastic, the spool holder on top of the machine is plastic.  Also ""stainless steel bedplate"" may be true -- but the bedplate is just a 2"" square area directly around the needle. The rest of the bed is plastic. Despite the ""heavy duty"" name I would rate the construction as ""medium duty for home use"" -- this is not a commercial grade sewing machine. (Nor should one expect it to be for this price.)

. All in all so far it seems like a very good value for $130 or so."
Great sturdy machine.
Works well!
"Easy to set up. Easy to use. Has handled everything I have thrown at it so far. Says it can handle light leather. Haven't tried that yet, but I put faux leather through it and it worked just fine."
Arrived quick. Easy to use so far it's my first sewing machine.
"love it!! it says ""heavy duty"" but actually should just be the standard, great for the home sewer! easy to use all around, including threading, and bobbin winding. perfect for me. i didn't need all those extra embroider stitches."
"Very good seller
A++++"
"So far so good, sews well and easy to operate!"
Had one almost just like it and my daughter-in-law borrowed it and kept it because it was heavy and sews like a dream.  She just claims it as her own so I decided to just order me another one.  Singers are the BEST!!!!!!
"Too light weight, made a clattering noise - no manual instructions on how to oil it. Just not a good machines to be new."
love it work great
I love this machine. It's tough and smooth and goes from project to project without a problem.  Can't believe I waited so long to get this.
I bought this for my 9year old granddaughter. Its heavy duty so feel it will last her a long time. Its seems easy to master. She could thread and wind bobbin and sew in about 1/2 hour.
"Very nice machine.  I began sewing again after a 10 year hiatus.  I have a Brother 1340 Serger and I also had a 26 year old Singer.  My DIL needed a machine, so I gave her my old Singer (still sewed straight lines) and purchased this one.
For what I needed, the machine is perfect for me. It sees all types of fabrics from silks to denim.  I even put a motorcycle patch on my Denim jacket (used a 16 needle)
Nice sturdy machine.  My only complaint is that the instruction book that came with it was in three languages, all running concurrently, so I had to start reading English on one page and hunt around for the next sentence of page...frustrating.  The booklet also doesn't covet much and a beginner would have to look up a lot on YouTube.  Otherwise a nice, sturdy machine."
"helo my machine was very easy to thread , have not sewen much on it yet ,  but so far so good , have a great  day"
"Purchased in March 2014 but with my husband's health I was not able to use it until now (March 30, 2015),  I discovered that it must have been dropped.  The frame is bent, the bobbin is misaligned and the needle plate cover is bent.  Since it is out of warranty I found a Singer representative about 25 miles from my home.  I will never buy another Singer.  I have had Kenmore Sewing Machines in the past and wish I had bought them!"
"I'm in the beginning stages of making handbags. So far so good. Still learning while trying to incorporate my designs.
Will update at a later time."
Very easy to use and setup. I had no problems with sewing patches onto a leather vest.
It was broken when it was delivered.  I had to take it to an authorized dealer to confirm. Not impressed.
Good machine
"Great machine.  Love it, great price."
"Wife loved her birthday gift. Functional, well priced and operates as instructed. Setup was quite technical for a novice, but the diagrams help."
Perfect!!
"Good machine for very little $$. My only complaint is that the needle's center position is not in the center of the presser foot, or even the center of the feed dogs. Not a deal breaker, but quite annoying to someone who lines up to the center line of the presser foot when sewing. Anyways... It's a simple, solid machine that is not too noisy and works great."
Awesome!!!!!
The machine arrived in perfect condition and meets all my expectations.
"The sewing machine was burned, ie stopped working a week of having used"
fast shipping ~ good product !
"This sewing machine is great I've always liked singer brand products I've sewn denim, leather, and burlap with ease best buy so far."
Wonderful machine! My first sewing machine very user friendly
I love my sewing machine. But it's the only one I've ever used.
Thread continued to jam.... The reviews were awesome....The machine didn't work for me....
"great price,so much cheaper than the store,works so good,no problems,love it!"
I love this machine
Love this machine!!
"runs well, good weight  and easy to use"
Thank you I love it 
Worked Great
"I love it, I have sewn denim amd  it keeps on going, very smooth and strong."
"Great, thank you!"
nIce strong machine but very manual when you are used to auto embroidery sewing machine.  Don't even have needle threader for tired eyes!
Not heaven duty at all
"I have been using this machine quite a bit for a month and am very pleased with it's performance.  It is easy to set up and use, also it does a nice job of sewing."
Love love love it. Works great I am currently working on a new patchwork sweater and it does everything I wanted. I have always been a singer girl and it exceeds my expectations
"This product broke after only three uses.  It is not  'heavy duty"" as advertised' and the customer service response was totally unsatisfactory.  After winding just 3 bobbins the machine no longer sewed.  I followed the directions explicitly and after pushing the bobbin winder all the way to the left, the machine just made a whirring sound and would not re-engage to sew.  After calling Customer Service for 2 days when ""all circuits are busy"", I finally got through after waiting 1 full hour only to be told there are no longer any service centers in NY State.  I told I would have to pay to insure and ship the machine to Youngstown OH for repair.  I was given the phone number for the service center. They told me that in fact they do not pay for return shipping and to expect to pay approximately $50 for shipping to and from (1/3 the total cost of the new machine including taxes).  What a disappointment!  I previously had a Singer Genie that lasted 40 years and the new Heavy Duty machine broke after 3 uses!  I had recommended the machine to a friend when I first purchased it and I immediately told her to cancel her order due to the cheap quality and Singer's lack of support standing behind their product!"
"Arrived right on time, and is exactly as advertized.  I'm happy, because my daughter-in-law is happy.  She was having to borrow her mother's sewing machine, and there was always a worry that something might go wrong while mending blue jeans, jackets, etc.
This is a heavy duty, no fancy ""doo-dads"" sewing machine, perfect for making and mending clothes etc. for three rowdy kids and her husband.
It looks like this will serve her well for a long time, and with my grand-daughter just beginning sewing in Home Ec, this is a great choice."
good
Love my new sewing machine!!
"My mother has been talking about how she needed a new sewing machine, so I bought her this Singer as a gift and she loves it."
purchased to hem jeans and works fine for that task.
what was expected of a good sewing machine
IT SEWS A GREAT STICH.
My mom loves her singer 4411! Easy to use.
Love this machine!  Only had for a short while but is it really does sew thru heavy and multiple fabrics.  It's also light weight; easy to thread and fill bobbin .  I checked at our local Joanne store and the exact machine was priced whole lot higher than Amazon.
great little machine. sews thru projects with no problem. well worth the money
My wife loves the machine and I did good
I like it very MUCH
Good but i returned it for exchange and got the Singer 5532 instead for more stitches options. I always opt for heavy duty because it's more sturdy and solid than most portables. I can stitch heavy materials like leather and jeans and soft fabrics like chiffon and stretch jerseys.  Thank you.
"Excellent site machine. It works very well for my needs, patching pants and sewing garments."
"I'm extremely pleased with this product. Knowing my Grandmother worked with Singer Sewing Machines, I thought I would buy one for my daughter on Christmas. She in pursuit of her dream as a fashion designer. So far she is learning how to work the thread the sewing machine! I'm excited for her to sew her first design."
"I'm not saying that most of these reviews were were written by idiots, but a great deal of them are very uneducated. I am a professional tailor and bridal designer and I needed something cheap that would get through layers of fabric without rippling. I bought this machine after reading all of the reviews because I wanted to give it a chance, and it was on sale at the local Joann's. The first project I made on this machine was a bridal gown in (very expensive) white satin with a fifteen foot long train. It went through without a hitch or a snag. I've had more problems with the Berninas that I've owned (I haven't had hardly any problem with them either). Needless to say, I'm more than adequately happy with my purchase. It's no frills, but I've never needed or had a reason to use any fancy stitches or ""cool features"".

Looking through the reviews, I've noticed that many people have problems with snagging and a lot of them are beginners. To all of you who struggle with this, THREAD YOUR MACHINE CORRECTLY. Seriously, it will solve most of your problems. You can only blame the machine for so long. The instruction booklet didn't give the most clear instructions, but there are plenty of good YouTube tutorials, and most seamstresses are more than happy to share their knowledge with you for free.

A few reviewers mentioned speed problems. Speed accuracy depends on YOU. The machine pedal is like a gas pedal. YOU determine how fast the machine goes. This really takes some time to develop and is a special kind of skill. The more you sew, the easier it becomes. I've been able to go extremely slow with this machine and I've also gone pretty fast. Again, skill comes with experience.

Overall, I say Singer made a pretty awesome machine. To you beginners out there, don't give up. Don't return your machine. The best thing you can do is get an experienced seamstress to show you how to use and maintain a sewing machine. If you can't find someone to show you, YouTube is a great resource. I really hope this helps. It's supposed to be fun. =)"
Taught myself to sew on this Singer. Very happy with it and sewing up a storm.
Love it and it's pretty fast
"My old Singer Merritt was in for service but I needed a ""heavy duty"" machine in a pinch, so I ordered this and got it quickly.  Read the manual, threaded the machine, started to sew a test seam on two layers of duck, and the thread jammed.  Removed the jam, re-threaded, sewed another test that came out fine, and started sewing my project.  Jammed on the garment more times than any machine, new or old, should.  I've been sewing since 1983, mostly on Singer machines.  This did NOT feel like a Singer.
This machine may be heavier than other machines on the market, but it is not heavy duty enough.  It just doesn't power through the layers any better than my Merritt.  Still too many plastic components and an overall performance that is subpar.
I really wanted a workhorse to keep and use for a good long time, to take care of and happily have serviced.  This was not it."
"I got this for my mom for Christmas. So far no complaints or anything like that, So I'm assuming it works great.
I will update in case something changes."
Good product does as advertised
Got this for my wife who just started sewing and is a novice. She had no problem setting it up and was sewing the night it came. I know nothing about sewing but can tell you it's built much better than others in this price range. Still great after 4 months. No problems and it's used all the time.
"hell yah. the guys at work thought that it was weird that i was excited for a sewing machine to show up
this thing is a work horse, 4 layes of 14 oz canvas, and 4-5 ox leather, didn't slow down"
"I'm very happy with this machine. After several years without a sewing machine I decided to get back into fabric arts and needed a machine.
I have yet to sew through leather and canvas, though I very much intend to with this machine.
So far I have used it to repair a pair of jeans and it worked beautifully.
As far as the learning curve, if you have used any other machine this one is a dream to re-learn on. The manual is a tiny bit confusing, but otherwise I am very happy with it."
It does everything I need!  It is easy to thread and use.  I like the extra storage bin to keep things with the machine like bobbins & etc.
This Singer Sewing Machine is s must have
Gifts for my girls.  They have grand dreams of making quilts for the homeless.  They are still learning how to use the machines.  I'm looking forward to their progress.
Just what my wanted! Thanks
Very useful and works very well.
Beefy sewing machine.  well built with plenty of options for the non professional seamstress.
"Hadn't sewed in a long time so thought I'd buy an ""entry-level"" machine again to start out.  Very pleased with this little workhorse.  For just a basic machine, it does a great job.  It's never skipped stitches, no matter how thick the material.

A couple of things I had to learn in the learning curve to begin using it:

1) You have to catch the tiny little hook in the bobbin casing when you thread the bobbin.  If you don't catch that hook, it will not thread right.

2) When winding a bobbin, thread the thread around the little plate and top wheel.  It isn't clear in the instructions; you can actually thread it below that, but it doesn't work that way at all.

3) Always hold your thread tails with this machine or you'll have problems with thread nests underneath, or your top thread will come unthreaded.

4) If you often sew more than a few layers, invest the $20 in a walking foot.  I make a lot of zipper pouches sewing over multiple layers and this little walking foot saves a lot of headache.  It walks right over any amount of fabric you have stacked up.

My only regret now is that I wish I had gotten the 4423; it has an overlock stitch that the 4411 doesn't and the automatic needle threader."
EXCELLENT MACHINE
Great Christmas present.  Has done all I have asked of it.  Very pleased.
Good for the money love it
Love it. The price was phenomenal. Quality great.
The sewing machines was just what I was looking for!
I love this machine.  I have already been using it quite a bit and it has proven to be everything I had hoped. I make a lot of heavy weighted things and it has been a champ. I made things using thick layers of denium and some leather and burlap. I used the button hole foot as well and it did a good job. I noticed that some people found the threading to be a bit confusing but I had no trouble. It's a lot lighter than I expected but yet sturdy. I like that it only offers a few stich options as I don't do anything too fancy anyway. It is definately worth it!
Excellent sewing machine.
I love my Singer!
Love it!!! It walks over blue jean seams like I had hoped it would.  Next I will use a leather needle and try sewing on leather. Very sturdy and dependable.  Jean
Love this machine it's lightweight but can do heavy duty jobs
"This machine works smoothly and has a very solid feel to it, unlike other brands at this price-point. Please ask any specific questions. Happy to answer."
it was every thing my wife wanted and she was very excited
"I absolutely LOVE this machine! Very simple to set up, run and clean!"
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loves it.
nice . like to buy again and agian in the future
Great heavy-duty sewing machine.
excelente producto
"Christmas present for my sweetie. So far, so good, and she says it sews quite well."
SUPEREXCELENTE PRODUCTO
"I only had this sewing machine for a few months when it was knocked 'Out of Timing' . I took it to a repair shop and was told there is a 'Design Flaw' in these machines. Was also told it could be repaired but it would keep being knocked 'Out of Timing' due to the 'Design Flaw'.
The name 'Heavy Duty' is deceiving. I wasn't able to hem Jeans with this machine, that's when it was knocked 'Out of Timing'. I told the 'Repair Shop' to just throw it away. I bought a 'Baby Lock' machine, Rachel Model, which I absolutely love."
Wonderful machine for the price.  This machine is all you need for basic sewing.  I have an Elna and find this machine does a better job that that more expensive machine.
GREAT VALUE IN A HEAVY DUTY MACHINE!
Love it. works perfect.
i love it
"Had our own canvas shop for 27 years and our equipment was industrial.  Cheapest machine was $3500 and some went up to $15,000.  Left it all behind when we sold it and it wasn't long before I needed a machine to make a leather bag for a tool.  My wife's dress making machine wasn't up to the task and after multiple attempted projects and much cursing, we finally bit the bullet and looked for a more industrial machine that could be operated by a mere mortal.  While not in the league of the Adlers we left behind, this machine will hold its own if you allow it will need some help from time to time.  Adjustments are easy and threading is almost too easy.  It claims to be a high speed unit and generally control would be a fear.  Fear not, one can take one stitch at a time if you stitch in your stocking feet for a good sense of feel.  Hand assisted fly wheel at thicker than normal points works well and is not against the rules with professional stitchers.  At my age simpler is better so fewer stitch choices helped and one doesn't need the instruction manual every few minutes."
I love it. Learning to sew at 68!
"I was very pleased how this machine worked. Directions easy to understand and simple to use. I highly recommend this
sewing machine."
This item is super good. No problems whatsoever. Easy to use. I am enjoying it.
"I am sick of living in a world where things are so cheaply made and expendable. After one night of light use with zero problems, I go to start sewing this morning and this waste of money will not sew. Now, I have to take it in for repairs. If a product has ANY negative reviews, you shouldn't buy it - aren't you tired of the settling-for-the-least-faulty-product mentality the world is being subjected to? Lesson learned. Companies like SINGER need to pull their heads out of the sand and make better products. Pathetic craftsmanship."
"Just love love love this sewing machine!!  Easy to thread, fast, price was terrific, lightweight enough to carry from closet to table, I recommend it to everyone who sews."
"This machine never worked!  The motor runs, but the metal cup that is below the bobbin case was installed wrong.  The cup has a slot in it where the needle goes through to create the stitching.  This piece was installed about 1/4 turn off - which means the needle bottoms out on the solid metal section vs pass through the open slot to complete the stitch.  My local sewing machine repair shop does not do warranty on Singer machines anymore (they cite poor manufacturing as the reason).  So my only recourse is to travel 65 miles to the authorized singer warranty place and pray they will fix this error at no cost."
Bought for my daughter who has taken an interest in sewing and it was easy to use and seems durable.
"Buy this machine if you want a work horse that performs well, has all the necessary features, and is the least complicated of most machines. Drop in bobbin function is simply the best."
"This fairly basic sewing machine, without a lot of the bells and whistles of more expensive machines, fully met our expectations and was available at a bargain price."
so so ~!
excellent product
"Love mine and will overcome it's shortfalls.

The needle doesn't return to the top position when you stop sewing.
The needle moves to the left less than the right.
The string cutter on the left of the machine is difficult to access because of the shape of the plastic."
"This is one heavy duty machine. So far, it has taken on any fabric I've put through it with ease.  I make quilted clothing and hats made of faux fur, and there has been no problem doing any of my projects-and I sew every day."
"The Singer 4411 preforms as described by Amazon.  Was pleased with the ease of threading, and stitching."
"Moms like it,"
fast
Love it! It's nice and strong :)
"So far I am very happy with this machine. I wanted a basic machine with no computer and this one meets my needs. My only disappointment is the amount of plastic in its construction, but I think that is typical of all modern sewing machines. My old one, which lasted for 48 years, did not have a single bit of plastic on it."
I enjoy this machine. The shipping was fast & I am able to use the sewing machine with no problems
Very good machine using it for heavy duty marine uv vinyl and goes through it with no problem at all would not think twice about recommending it to other people to buy one
Met my expectations and is a good machine.
"The machine is very much as I expected for the price.  As an experienced seamstress, I purchased this machine for our vacation home.  It does a fine job of sewing.  I miss not having it in a cabinet but that is not the machines fault.  The only thing which could use improvement is the threading of the bobbin.  If the thread is not manually held taut, the bobbin does not thread evenly."
Great quality! Very fast!
"Sews like a dream! I haven't had any problems with it yet, and I'm extremely accident prone with sewing machines. (They always end up jammed or broken within 10 minutes of my usage.) And I haven't been easy on it, I've sewn multiple layers of leather with this machine. The instruction manual is actually somewhat readable (a pleasant surprise) and it's user friendly. I really love it."
"This is a great sewing machine.  I bought it despite some reviews that claimed it wasn't a ""tough"" as it was advertised.  After using it for a while i have to say those reviewers must not know much about sewing, it works great.  It's super simple, and very capable with heavy duty fabrics-- assuming you have your tension set right.  I"
Getting the job done
"My metal Singer sewing machine that I bought in college lasted me 30 long years, so I obviously needed to buy another Singer. This heavy duty one has some metal and some plastic and works very well. Besides the dim, blue LED light, I really like it. Just make sure you have a good powerful, bright desk lamp close by for seeing the details on your stitching."
Stews great. Very happy with it.
This model doesn't have a threader. Something to note.
This machine works very well!
Works flawlessly
Loves this machine! very user friendly.
excellent product and came i 2 days
At first all was fine; but about a month ago it already seems like the belt broke. Not operating now! 11/29/14
Very nice machine!  Fast and easy to use.
Great starter machine. This isn't my first sewing machine but it is the first singer I have ever used. A bit loud but great for the heavy use.
I don't know why I waited so long to buy a new sewing machine. I have broken many needles trying to sew through heavy denim fabric.
"I purchased this machine in February as my ""dream machine"" to replace the very simple. kenmore I had been using.  I was in love from the start.  I am hard on my nmachines and ask a lot of them.  I design with upholestery samples and teach kids to sew, neither of which is easy on a machine.  so far, this one has been kind to my students and has risen to every challenge I have asked of it.  leather, several layers of thick fabric, all have been a breeze."
I love this machine works so good
Love it
"Miss the weight of metal construction for stability, but functionally it works just fine."
Good machine.  Sees fast. A little noisy.  Had not used it but 2 or 3 times and had to have it serviced at local repair shop.  It jumped time.  45 dollars later it sees good now
Excelente
Did not included a needle.
Excellent machine; serves me well!
I am not expert seamstress. This sewing machine is perfect for me to alter my own clothes rather than paying $40 to get my dress tighten by only 1-2 inches. I love it that it is so easy to use and give you professional quality outcome.
Great easy to work with and durable
doesn't manage sewing leather as well as it should. It's not as sturdy as it claims.
"On the very first use the machine got stuck on reverse mode... On top of that it was skipping stitches (in reverse...)
Had to return it... Very disappointing!"
easy to use. wonderful for intermediate sewing. has all the basic funtions without overwhelming the user.
yes i do
Haven't used yet but item came well-packaged and at a GREAT price.
"Just want to let perspective buyers know that if you get this machine you will be very pleased with the ease of use and the quality of the stitch.
I made a used blue jean quilt that proved it can sew thick fabric, read the easy instructions and also view You Tube and you will be a happy sewer!"
I am a singer machine person. My old machine gave up the ghost and to have it repair would have cost$300 dollars to have it repair so when I saw this on sale for a great price I bougth it .I was not disappointed.
excelente
A super machine.!!!
"Nice sewing machine.. Not sure if it should be really rated heavy duty.. I tried to sew some felt and it wasn't a success.. However, the machine sews really well on lighter material.."
This sewing machine cost 200 dollars at sears but I saved my mom 75 by buying it on here and she hasn't complained once about the machine and she loves it and she's a seamstress so she does a lot of work on the sewing machine
Great machine. Easy to use for beginners
So far so good. This is my first sewing machine so I have nothing to compare it to. But it's fairly simple to figure out the basics which is good for a beginner like myself. Would highly recommend.
Received quickly. Simple to operate. Extremly powerful and fast. Light to carry around. What else can you ask for?
"This is a sturdy, reliable machine.  Easy to follow diagrams printed on the machine and easy to follow booklet.  It's a wonderful machine for a beginner or novice and the 10 stitches to pick from are much more than I will ever need.  Great product, wonderful price."
Happy with the Machine
Sent back - cheap not heavy enough
Awesome
"It is a pretty good machine, but I have had some minor problems with it. I sew nearly every day and wanted something better than the all plastic, cheep, beginner singer machine I had been using for years. I liked that the frame and the working parts of this machine are metal but after the type and ammount of use I've put it through it is having trouble keeping tension correctly and it skips stitches quite often even when I'm using the correct needle and settings. I just replaced the light bulb but it has been left on over night more often than I'd like to admit. I'm not certain it is worth taking it to a machine repair shop since it was not a very expensive machine to begin with, but it has served me well while I've had it."
My wife really likes her new Singer Heavy Duty Sewing Machine.
"great little machine.  It runs smoothly, and can handle 10 oz canvas.  It couldn't handle heavy canvas being sown to vinyl sheeting, but that was a lot to ask of it."
Very light weight but does a professional job.  Easy to use and has many features.
I Love This Machine! I had bought a Brother not to long ago. I was having a problem with it and took it to the guy that fixes my machines. He told me the parts were plastic and he could replace the broken one but it would probably happen again and it was 50.00 to 60.00 to fix it. Well I started looking for a machine with metal parts and I found this one. Singer is an excellent brand and it was a great price so I got it. So far so good.
"I purchased this machine (having never used one before) as a self taught enthusiast.  Within an hour I was comfortable enough with the machine to make pillow cases.  Now, a week later, I'm making shirts.

The few issues I've had were easy to troubleshoot and have not reoccurred.  She's defiantly a work horse.  Fast, durable, and worth every penny.  Once I'm ready to purchase a serger I will no doubt invest in a Singer again.
Crazy for this machine!"
It's not my mother's Singer. I bought this machine because of the brand name. What a mistake.
came in as described.
"My wife took up quilting last year, but had an inexpensive embroidery/sewing machine and was concerned that it wasn't heavy duty enough. This Singer 4411 was recommended as being even less expensive but capable. Even has ""Heavy Duty"" on its side - and it is. True, there are few stitch options, but it is a work horse when chaining to complete multiple quilt blocks, with every stitch exactly alike. Take a look at the interior structure at singer.com and see the solidity of the tried and true machines that have lasted many decades. My wife recommends this one and is enjoying putting it through it's paces."
It broke soon after I got it and I fixed it. Then it broke again. Cheap construction.
"This machine is okay.  If you are sewing with standard cotton material, this machine is fine.  If you are joining multiple layers together, this will make clunky thudding noises and may need some help to make it through.  It is clearly only made for the most simple of products.  The first week I had some issues with loopy thread on the underside of the fabric after the machine started clunking.  If I re-threaded from the spool tot he needle it fixed that issue each time.  However, I can see that being a long term problem.  If you do a lot of sewing, this is not the machine for you.  If you do occasional, light sewing this should do the trick.  But for just over $100, I got what I paid for."
excellent
"It's an excellent machine, however they should include the accesories and the machine cover. But the machine by itself is great."
"If you are looking for the perfect sewing machine to hem clothing, fix the curtains, make a Halloween costume then look no further. It is sturdy and stitches beautifully. It was out of the box and sewing in a matter of minutes. Love the easy bobbin threading and insertion. I finished my son's Halloween costume in no time thanks to this workhorse. Keep in mind it is a sewing machine, it is not supposed to be pretty, it just needs to work!"
"I am a seamstress, with an online shop where I sell my handmade items. My Janome Heavy Duty machine's bobblin mechanism broke...just looooove plastic parts....and I am trying to get my inventory up for the busy Christmas season. It would cost as much to get mt Janome fixed as this Singer machine costs, and with Amazon Prime the Singer got here within 48 hours. I have been sewing like a fiend since I got thus machine four days ago, and must say I am impressed with this machine's performance. It is VERY fast, which I love, because that cuts my production time for each item, and time IS money, particularly when you are self-employed! Plus, the items that I make have some parts that can have five or six layers of cloth, and Singer zipped through them like buttah. The ease of use with features like needle position, stitch width and pattern, etc. makes switching in mid-seam a breeze. I got this machine originally as a back up and was going to get my Janome repaired, but I think this Singer has earned my trust to be numero uno, and Janome can be the back-up. Granted, I have only had it four days (though I have made eight garmets in those four days), so if things change, I will come post an update...but for now, and hopefully forever, Singer Heavy Duty High Speed has earned five stars!"
My wife sewed an entire wedding parties dresses and vests.  She wanted something that was easy to use and reliable.  This one foot the bill.
"I love this machine. Bonus is the so easy entrance for the spool, you can see while sewing how much you have left. It is sturdy metal AND it threads it self. Very pleased with it. Strong motor as well."
"I absolutely love it. Brand new, great price, wonderful features. Perfect for those learning to sew."
Works okay. Simple machine. My sister bought dift one for same price n turns out that that one is better than this one.
"have sewn less than 25 hrs. and already messing up in the bobbin, needle never would center properly, thought it would be reliable and sturdy, pretty disappointed......"
"It wasn't what I was expecting but it will do the job I need it to do untill I can find a better one. The delivery was great, it got here in a few days and in perfect condition.
Thanks"
"great, so good!"
After third use needed to have it serviced..  4 Hours away and cost more then the unit : (
Very very good buy in special. Does what you expect to do. Very strong easy to fix. For me it's a must. It's really a 5 stars
"Think of it!!  Singer still makes a  Metal frame sewing machine,durable and easy to use; most machines I found seemed to be made from recycled soda bottles. This is a Quality item!.

 I recently ""lost"" the great-grandmother of this machine ( 27 years of  sewing  memories ); I'm looking forward to many more projects.

 Delivery was, as always from Amazon, swift and  item was well packaged."
Nice piece of equipment.  Does jobs too heavy for my other machine.
Delivered on time and as advertised.  Has worked well on some heavy duty canvas.
Well designed and lives up to its ability to handle the tough or big sewing jobs.  Worth the amount for a well built sewing machine.
I don't like any thing from china
GREAT
"After 40 years I finally had to give up my old Kenmore machine.  Really glad I did.  Nice machine works good, easy to use.  The only think I don't like is the foot pedal.  Seems kind-of cheap."
"This is a second-rate sewing machine. It was rough and clunky from day one, and now it is jamming completely. I've had it 2 years but I've only used it to hem a 5 sheets and a few pairs of jeans. And the warrantee is essentially useless; you have to ship your machine to a service center at your own expense. It would cost more than the machine is worth! Avoid this machine at all costs."
"machine was not working right, I thing it was a used!

 bad first experience"
"I'm in love!  I recently sold my 15 yr. old Viking Husqvarna machine for which I had bought all the attachments and embroidery stuff over the years.  I barely used most of them because the instructions AND the machine were so complex, that if there was a time lapse between uses, I had to relearn much of it all over again. As a quilter I seldom used the decorative attachments, but did do some machine quilting.  I agonized over selling it as the investment was steep, but then I realized most of those computerized gizmos were useless to me and I wanted something simple with a few basic stitches, but more importantly, something that didn't feel like I needed a hydraulic lift to get it up onto my desk or a PHD when I wanted to use it.
This little Singer arrived yesterday and I am crazy about it.  I have spent the morning learning to use it and it does not disappoint. The things I love most are that everything is clearly labeled RIGHT ON THE FRONT OF THE MACHINE (tension, length, width, needle position) and the small instruction book is easy to follow and not the 3"" binder that the Viking had. One of the reasons for my decision to purchase this was the visible bobbin case that loads from the top.  The others, of course were the Singer brand, the reviews, and the price.  I've tested all types of fabrics on it and as previous reviewers have said, it is a little work horse.  It does everything I would want it to do and more.  I never, never expected after paying $3000 for the Husqvarna years ago I would be so happy with such a little cheapy.  And, oh yes, at 14 lbs., piece of cake."
I have used much more expensive machines over the years but I was delighted with the way this machine stitched blue jeans and heavy fabrics. It is a great basic machine.
very good..
"This machine is excellent it is fast, soft and strong. I am very satisfy.

Thanks,

Leonor Herrera"
Tested ii on arrival and it worked perfectly.  I do not do a lot of regular sewing so I have not put it to a tough test yet.  I just needed a reliable machine for my intermittent work.
This machine was very easy to set up and use.  I've sewed a couple of time with it and everything is working as desired.
I received a broken things. I felt very disappointed.
Great product would recommend
A real work horse!
"I was really upset this did not have a stretch stitch .. I have one exactly the same with a stretch stitch and its a great machine . Iwanted a spare , but I would not have purchased if I knew it didn't have stretch stitch"
It is not common for a consumer to buy a less expensive product in the market and expect it to have higher ratings on the most expensive models in the market. Proud to say that for the price you pay for this machine it would be a bad decision to pass this deal. Thanks Amazon!
"Good price, and excellent quality.  My mom get happy because she said the material is heavy duty and she don't have any problems with the machine."
Very  good
"This sewing machine is SUPER! I love the ease of use and it is quiet as a whisper.  Threading it is very easy as the thread path and carriers are numbered, EXCEPT the tiny bracket right above the needle.  Other reviewers had an issue with this in the beginning, but since I have had 3 Singers in the last 45 years, and I learned to sew on my mother's Singer at the age of 7, I knew where it was. I took it out of the box, changed the needle and immediately started sewing curtains which have a ""black-out"" backing to the fabric. This machine handled the thickness with no problem except it did need some help going through 8 layers. Of course I used a new heavy duty needle. I did not think I would use the extra high speed, but it was great for the curtains!

I did have several disappointments, though.  There are basically no instructions.  What happened to the nice instructional booklets which used to come with Singers?  This is NOT the place for Singer to cut corners! I also was disappointed with the light.  It is very much directed over the needle and I prefer a broader lit area.  I was also surprised that the body of the machine under the arm was not metal.  As I do a lot of home sewing with wide tucks,  etc., I had become dependent on a magnetic seam guide. It does not work on this machine.

Given all this, I would still rate this Singer 4411 as a 95...well in the ""A"" category.  I am looking forward to running many miles of fabric  through this machine in the years to come."
"smooth sewing , no problems with bobbin tread , very easy to use. even my husband did hemming on his his jeans"
"Machine arrived yesterday. It is a ""Used Good"". Problem: The bobbin thread is not getting picked up. I have studiously reviewed YouTube tutorials on how to properly thread both upper and lower mechanisms on this model, as well as studying how the bobbin thread SHOULD pull up. None of these tutorials address the bobbin thread not pulling up. The thread simply lays dead. Before I send the machine back as defective has anyone out there had this problem?"
Works like a pro.  Had many cheaper models this one is solid
Gave to my daughter who loves it!!!
I like it and I think that it's a good price.
"I'm age 75 and worked in a factory in Statham, GA making pants for the military. I got use to a high speed machine and the Singer 4423 machine is the fastest home machine I could buy.  I received it on September 10, 2014 but did not set it up and thoroughly test it until Sept. 13th.  I put this machine through every feature it had on it, running it at the highest speed on all stitches.  It never slipped a single stitch and worked perfectly.  I also had a yard of tapestry fabric, that was not yet stiffened and blocked.  I used that for the tests.
Then after ALL tests were done, I folded that material to create 16 layers of fabric and it sewed through it like it was butter.  My 25+ year old machine (EuorPro) is still working but makes a much louder noise than this one. The Singer 4423 is quiet compared to others I've used.  I truly love the top-side bobbin AND the Needle Threading Feature.  At my age, that is a Wonderful Blessing and I Thank Singer for creating these features.  This machine is VERY SIMPLE to use and learn. The manual is in several languages AND English too."
sews well. No problems. So its 5 stars.
I really love my machine.  Durable with enough bells and whistles for this amateur seamstress.
"Overall great machine and will sew through anything I tried without missing a stitch. Plastic bobbin holder continues to give trouble, think they should go back to metal...

great great great machine for the price!"
My first sewing machine. Got it to due a shop project and it performed very good once I got the hang of it.
"I am finally learning to sew!

There are so many things in my house that need mending or hemming or making. I've been thinking about getting a sewing machine for quite some time.

I decided to finally take the plunge with this machine. I am a total beginner, so I don't need anything fancy or electronic.

The 4411 is perfect for me.

I bought some beginner sewing projects that include the fabric from Haan. So far I have made a pillow and a tote bag. I am in the process of finishing up a stuffed animal. I have also sewed buttons on my Army BDU pants.

As long as I remember to put the sewing foot down, I have had no problems with the bobbin. The 4411 HAS TO USE the Class 15 bobbins. Not the Class 15J bobbins. The Class 15 bobbins are not as plentiful as the 15J bobbins are on Amazon. I lucked out and found them on Amazon for $.33 for a pack of 4 Singer bobbins as an Add On item. I bought a bunch of them!

The 1 star reviews here seem to be mostly for the 4423 and the 4411. I have not had any of the problems stated.

This is a solid machine and I cannot think of one bad thing to say about it.

I like the fact that you do not have to worry about oiling it.

It is a very good idea to read the manual several times and keep it handy in the beginning. There is also some useful information on the Singer site.

Once I thought that the machine had broken. I could not get it to do anything. The light was on but it would not sew. Somehow I had inadvertently flipped the bobbin winder to the ON position. It does state in the manual that the machine will not sew in this instance. I was relieved! Also, if you do not put the thread around the thread guide in the proper place, it will not put the thread on the bobbin evenly.

I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it."
"This machine was a replacement. The first one quit after six months. This one lasted just two months. Cost to repair would be more than the purchase price. I would not recommend this machine to anyone. The Amazon return policy is one month. So basically purchasing the Singer 4411 Heavy Duty !! machine for even for someone who has sewn for over fifty years, is nothing but a boat anchor."
good
"Easy to use, very nice"
"Easy to use, as I'm a beginner and has a lot of sewing options to utilize in making projects."
Haven't had it for a week and the bobbin popped out and won't go back into place
Good machine to learn on. But not made as well as singer is capable if making.
"fast shipping, happy with performance of machine"
"Awesome, easy to use"
"This machine is great. It requires very little adjusting to switch from lightweight to heavy fabrics. The controls are easy to see and reach. Threading the machine is quick and easy, too. I make handbags for a non-profit and the machine handles the multiple layers of fabric well. My only complaint is that the lever to lift the presser foot is at the back and is a little harder to reach than the one on my other machine. The power switch is also at the back on the right end. These are not big problems, but took some adjusting for me."
Been using it for a while now and it is not as heavy duty as they would like you to believe.
My wife is using this to replace her mega computerized machine and it's doing everything that she need. She really loves it!
"I have had three of these machines. All have had issues with thread tension on ""heavy duty"" fabrics. And i mean T shirts and denim. My family has a similar machine from the 80's that these replaced and i can tell you quality control has slipped. BADLY.
DO NOT waste your time or money on this or any Singer garbage. Go for a Juki or a Reliable. You pay for peanuts, you get peanuts."
"It came in early and it's lighter than I thought it would be.

I'll check it out today and test it...

I am excited...."
Really nice sewing machine.
"Met all of my expectations. Easy to thread,sews fast and smooth."
"It is a great sewing machine.  I enjoy using it and it was recommended to me because it is a easy and durable sewing machine great for beginners,  I am very glad I chose this machine and the price is right . The price vary about a dollar or two but that's all."
I needed a sewing machine for mending heavy fabric items like jeans.  Didn't want to use my machine I use for quilts and making clothes.  This is exactly what I was looking for.  Works great!
great item
I'm so happy I bought this. I'd recommend to someone to opt for a higher model with more bells and whistles if u can afford it but if money is an issue you can't go wrong here. I love it's looks and it's so easy to use. I taught myself to sew with it.
Love it! Works amazingly and does everything I need it to as an amateur sewer.
"What a disappointment! I tried for 30 minutes to sew a straight line but the bobbin at the bottom kept getting tangled. I tried different thread, fabric and needles. I tested tensions, width, needle position and stitches. All the same. I returned it for a refund. If this is what it does out of the box, I could see a future of sewing headaches and frustrations for as long as I had the machine so I didn't want to troubleshoot to fix. It's too bad because everything seemed perfect. Easy bobbin load, simple to operate and just the right weight. I'll say it again, what a disappointment!"
excelente
"WOW!  I just LOVE Singer!  Grew up using my Mom's Tan Singer.  Since then have used other brands and I was always disappointed in them (constantly breaking)  This time I went with the HEAVY DUTY version and I am so glad that I did!  I felt the heft of it immediately when I started sewing.  Very substantial and FAST!  Love the ability to use the sleeve arm too and the little compartment to keep tiny things away and safe, but within easy reach.  I never ever used any of those stupid ""fancy stitches"" (how to immediately announce a ""home-made"" outfit!) so I don't miss those ""extras"" with this machine.  It does forward and back, zig-zag and buttonholes.  That is all I will ever need.  Will update later after using for a while on the longevity of this machine.  But it was so cheap ($119 with shipping!) that if it only last a year or two, I will still be happy!"
Love machine
"It comes with an easy to read user guide.
It's not heavy; it makes transportable.
So far is doing great.
I highly  recommend this product for beginners."
Very satisfaid
"good product price is good, but to much plastic parts for my taste, but mine orks like a champ"
Excelent
Not a bad machine for the money.  I would not call it heavy duty. It starts to choke at three layers of sunbrella.  Likes to pile up thread in the bobbin area and jam up. It will not handle the larger spools. Ok for small projects but for the really heavy stuff I will need a much stronger machine.
Easy to use. Love it.
"Well made, quiet and super fast!"
"good, pretty and cheap"
"Enjoying my machine when it isn't jamming up. I am giving our relationship a little more time and maybe it will be nicer to me as I figure out what makes it tick. On the upside it is heavier and I like that it doesn't slide when I am sewing. The foot pedal slides all over the place...the idea of duct taping it to the floor has crossed my mind a few times, but it wouldn't coordinate with my home decor."
Replaces my Sears that was 30 plus years old and finally wore out.  Seems to be just what I needed.
;D
Wonderful sawing machine.
great little machine .Use it for patching jeans
"This Singer has become the workhorse of my sewing projects. It doesn't do much, but what it does, it does well. High speed sewing, easy reverse button. Button maker is easy. Bobbin spinner is super fast. I've been using it to sew fur, sparkles, glitter tutus, silks, leather and more.

To save more time on big projects with same color thread, I also bought a cone thread holder to hold bigger spools so I wouldn't have to change thread as often from Joann Fabric store http://www.joann.com/cone-thread-holder/13059563.html#q=thread+holder&start=1.

I have only broken a couple needles so far when I try to push too much material through or hit a cross-seam.  The decorative stitches are minimal but very nice. I have used them on many projects to add a little pizzazz.

This machine arrived on my doorstep 2 days after ordering it. I opened the box and put it to work. Definitely recommend it. I bought the extra warranty as well, although I don't think I will have to use it. Highly recommend for work projects.  Check out what this machine helped create on my site at http://ProsperitysCloset.com."
"Occasional user of machine:  hemming, sewing simple patterns, curtains, pillows, quilting, altering.  Works well and smoothly with a minimum of noise. Love how I can hem thick materials, like denims!"
Fast delivery good product excited to start useing
Great machine for the money.
GRACIAS
This sewing machine was very easy to use for my 84 year old mother. The dials were intuitive for her and the functions were basic enough where the learning curve was short.
"Not a big fan of the drop in bobbin system. I've had to have it repaired twice for the timing being off. It is convenient for sewing through heavy duty fabric and garment leather, but the lighter plastic machine bounces more than the older models, causing thread skippage. I'd recommend getting a different model or finding a way to weigh it down."
"Machine is great, this was my second Singer from Amazon as the first had manufacturer's defects.
I am pleased with the machine so far."
"Excellent product for the price, sews just fine, easy to use.  I bought this as a back up to my phaff 7570 that no longer does button holes properly and too expensive to fix.  This is a nice companion.  Built exceptionally well and am happy to have it."
Well made solid machine. I have been using it on heavy outdoor canvas and it has had no problems. I have almost no sewing skills yet I was able to figure out and use the the machine with no problems.
Very pleased with mu purchase
"Years ago I bought an earlier version of this machine, beat it to death, it was great, it took a lot than finally died! So I grabbed this one for crazy projects that are to much for my more expensive machines! So far it's great, hopefully it will be as good as the last, can't beat the price! Paying $100. For a machine and working it hard for a couple of years is so worth it! (:0)"
The bobbin catch so I can't use it until I pay another $50 to get it fixed. Such a disappointment.
"I really loved! Is just perfecto to me,"
Neede a heavy duty sewing machine to repair some heavy duty clothing. This machine did just that for me.  Works great!
It is one of the best things i purchased this year. I can sew everything i want to from jeans to lawn swing covers and tarps highly recommend
Awesome
"Purchased on the advice of a friend to does alterations and custom clothing. Good, simple machine! Singer is reliable."
I had to redo my boat upholstery and this worked perfect. I like the bobbin and it was flawless sewing. I was using 69 bonded polyester thread and went through multiple layers of marine vinyl. this was money well spent.
"heavy duty, started sewing right out of the box without difficulty.  a good basic machine that works!"
Works according to manufacturers specification. I use it several times during the week. I have picked up a former hobby.
"So far,  this sewing machine has performed well and I have been able to do everything I needed to.  A good buy with rapid and safe
delivery"
"I have not used many of the machine's features yet, but it has been wonderful for the standard sewing I have been doing."
"Just received my 4411 yesterday.  Not exactly ""user-friendly"".  Threading is easy until the final step:  i.e. getting the thread into that little arm right above the needle.  The other tricky things involve the bobbin.  #1 the winding has to be rather diligently watched and hand-guided or the thread doesn't go on evenly.  #2 After the bobbin is set in place below the needle, coaxing the thread around into the proper position is a challenge.  Once that is accomplished, bringing it up with the needle isn't always as successful as I'd like it to be on the first try.  I would give this machine a rating of maybe two stars."
"I love this machine, it is great for he small jobs I need it for."
verry good work.
Does a lot of nice things. The wife sews quilts with it for her church group. Worth the money
"received my machine broken to smithereens...took it to a local repair shop and they said it ""was unable to be fixed"" so there goes a $100 bucks down the drain. packaging was pathetic. amazon has not replied to my complaints"
"It was hard for me to believe that singer made this not very good sowing machine , I could never get the stech right.  I gave it away.  They should have given me a better one to replace it."
"I grew up using a Singer. I hoped this machine would be a good, BUT... Although is work great, one of the primary features I wanted does not work. I wanted the three position needle selection. Unfortunately, it is stuck in the left position. To get it fixed, at my own expense, I need to ship it to the nearest authorized repair center. I am in the middle of a sewing project and cannot be without this machine. Singer will not do a turnaround exchange for my NEW machine nor pay for any shipping for a machine with is still under warranty."
It is so beautiful and compact and lightweight yet sturdy.  I do have some concerns about the front opening because it was a bit loose when I received my product.
I use these in my business.  I run a sewing manufacturing plant.  As long as you oil them they keep on running. These will sew heavy denim very well.
Love my new heavy duty - bought it to make seats for the old '38 Chevy.  Also use it to put bindings on my quilts.  I think it'll do the job just fine!
LOVE this machine. Does jeans with ease. Use for in home alterations. Will be purchasing a second one soon as possible.
"I got this.for my wife as a gift, absolutely amazing how well this works even I notice the differances in professional stitches"
"This was a last minute replacement for my 30 year old Singer that seized up on me while making bridesmaids' dresses for my daughter's wedding. Very happy with the price. It seems sturdy yet not too heavy to carry.
It varied only slightly from my prior machine and was super easy to get going. The reverse is different but I got used to it quickly.  I really like the see-through bobbin spool holder and the little hinged drawer."
Got this for my son for his birthday. He loves to create and this is both heavy duty and gender neutral.
This machine does the job perfectly. Used for home sewing with beautiful patchwork quilts. Very happy.easy to Cary. More lightweight than I expected .
"I bought this Singer 4411 to replace a singer my mom had and I inherited when she passed away.  My old machine had worked for over 40 years so I looked at different brands but bought this.  Its a good quality machine and does everything I want it to do, sewing jeans, light weight upholstery material, t-shirts and any repairs needed to be done.  It came with a few accessories needed like sewing needles, cleaning brush, seam ripper and three extra bobbins.  It only took a few minutes to figure out how to thread the bobbin and thread the machine and I was sewing.  It has a handle that lifts up to carry it which is a nice plus.  The price was very reasonable too.

One thing I would like to tell all you ladies something I learned.  I had gone to a local sewing machine store to see if my old machine was worth fixing and it wasn't because it was too old.  The lady at the store told me that machines sold at sewing machine stores are different from sewing machine sold in big box stores, such as Amazon, K-Mart, Walmart and so on.  She said they make a less costly machine for the big box stores using cheaper parts than the machines sold at high end sewing machine stores.  I was skeptical so I sent an email to Singer and to Brother sewing machines and they said the information I was given was incorrect.  The machines sold are the same.  They don't make ""cheaper machines"" for big box stores.  They also said the only difference is that machines bought in a high end sewing machine store cost more because they usually have ""hands on training offered"" and sometimes a cleaning or two the first year after you purchase a machine.  With big box stores you can email for help or questions.  Both Singer and Brother said that the lady in the store was probably just trying to make the sale with me.  By the way, in the high end store both brand machines were about 40 to 60 dollars more so I was glad to find the sewing machine I wanted at a better price through Amazon.

Shipping took 5 days longer than posted in the shipping information after I purchased the machine and the box was torn and looked like it had gone through a war zone, thanks to the FedEx sure post way of shipping.  Luckily the machine was packed in rigid styrafoam  and arrived with no defects to the machine.  I complained to Amazon about the lengthy wait and the condition of the box and they offered me a 20% discount for my complaints or return the machine if it was damaged and they would have replaced it if needed.  I was very pleased with the customer service and speedy reply to my email.  Amazon does try its best to keep a customer happy."
This is a great machine.  It came with an easy to use manual for those who never sews.  Very good for material that is not too heavy.
"I sent this to my grown son. He is putting the finishing touches on a white water raft and was having trouble sewing the layers of straps needed for the project.
He is thrilled..really..at how great this machine is..and especially how fast it is.
He even fixed a bridesmaid dress for a friend of his using the machine.
The apple didn't drop too far from this tree ;-)

Now I want one for the speed and the ability to sew through many layers easily."
"Purchased this as I needed a machine I could trust when I am hemming or fixing something.  I really don't sew any longer.  I'm just a fix it girl.  It is perfect for what I needed it for.  No prep, no looking at the manual every time I need to sew.  Love this machine.  It was the perfect price as it was about 70 dollars more in the local stores."
I am an experienced sewer and was looking for a second machine to have as a back up.  After using it one day for about an hour on medium weight fabric it had a banging noise suggesting a timing issue.  It is fast but it is not a heavy duty machine as others have mentioned as well- I will keep looking. Very disappointed.
We would give 10 stars if we could. For those who are budget minded but need the best this is it.
Great machine! It says it is for heavy duty work and it does do the job! It is extremely powerful and I don't usually give reviews.
"I love it!!. I haven't used it yet but it looks well made "")I am happy with it so far my husband got for my birthday gift I picked it out ..:)"
"Easy to use, fast, quiet.
Fully meets my need.
Easy to transport, thread, and use,  Best machine I've had.
I would highly  recommend this machine ."
I've never owned a sewing machine before this thing machine is extremely easy to use and you can buy most of your stuff at your local store for this product
It was a gift but my mother is very pleased! No Issues and now I have new canvas cots for camping!
"I'm not a quilter.  I'm an apparel designer who sews a lot of different things like clothes, bags, accessories, and some upholstery.  I've had an old singer from my school days (1995) and it finally started skipping stitches and jamming constantly.  It was about time.  I just wanted a simple machine that can handle a lot of sewing. I didn't need any fancy stitches or computer programs for embroidery or anything.  This machine seemed to fit my need and of course I read all the reviews before I ordered it through amazon.  I just got this today, and gave it a good try.  I'm very pleased with my purchase!  It is fast and smooth and SIMPLE. I'm looking forward to using it A LOT!"
I loved this sewing machine. My husband bought it for me and he picked a great one for a beginner like me.
"I had a brother sewing machine before buying this one, best decision i have ever made. Decided to buy a singer because that was the only brand my mother and grandmother ever brought. This model 4411 is great, I can fix all my daughters jeans without any trouble. Previously I had to replace the needles various time before finishing the task, now I can fix 3 jeans in quicker time without any effort"
I sent this out of the country as a gift.  My niece and her husband loves it a lot.  They have found a lot of uses for it.  Good machine.
"Purchased the Singer 4411 two months ago. As a fashion design professional with high-performance needs, I was a bit skeptical. I prefer industrial machines, but my small studio can not accommodate the bulky, heavy industrials. So I sold them and opted for home version. So far so good. I just wish it came with the extension table. Sews just as it claims. Love it!"
"Hi, first of all buy this product with the greater expectation because I live in Venezuela and did not know how he was in physical, but to have it in my hands I feel satisfied because it was exactly as it was in the publication. so I recommend it with greater security that you will be satisfied with your purchase."
"I have had a number of inexpensive sewing machines, mostly either donated to me or bought at yard sales.  None of them went fast enough for me.  This machine is WONDERFUL!!! I highly recommend it to those who do quilt piecing or any other type of straight line sewing.  (BTW, the reason I have had multiple machines is that I often have groups of friends come to sew along with me and it is much easier to have the extra machines so they don't have to pack up and bring their own with them.)"
"Love this machine, it has weight to it, and the stitches come out perfect every time. I have had several machines over the years, and this is by far my favorite."
"This sewing machine replaced a Singer model I had since 1970, which I killed when it plunged down the stairs. This new machine is awesome. The threading is simple to follow, and the removable box that surrounds the needle area makes it simple to sew sleeves or cuffs. It purrs right along."
"This sewing machine was a gift for my granddaughter so I could teach her to sew, and have a quality machine that she could have all her life. It is simple to use, even an 11 year old can operate it safely. The price was right, and it was delivered on time."
"I'm not a huge sewer.  I just needed a replacement for my very old machine.  This does the job just fine.  Very sturdy.  So far, so good."
"I sew a lot and decided to purchase an inexpensive heavy duty machine that would take a beating.  I have embroidery machines that were over 1500 each. I sometimes sew on heavy fabric.  I found a similar Singer on Amazon last year. This year a friend of mine wanted a sewing machine I found this one on Amazon for her and the price was great. She opted to purchase it and we sewed on it right from the box with no adjustments. It's easy to sew on and fast. When I wear mine out, I will purchase again."
I gave this to my daughter as a gift to get her started on sewing. It's reliable and not too complicated but has enough features for someone with more experience as well.
"This is my second Singer sewing machine. Although this model is pretty basic, my first was even more basic than this one, so I'm enjoying moving up in the world. It has been pretty sturdy and has gotten through all of the layers I have needed to sew, including quilts. I have some issues with the bobbin thread not staying threaded, but for all I know, that could be my fault."
"I am a experienced sewer. I usually do not like home machines. I have even burnt up a few.
I am visting and used this 4411.
Pros....fast for home machine even on heavy weight fabric.
You can adjust the pressure on the foot to match the material.
Easy to change from a single stitch to a zigzag. I often zig the edges on cotton to keep it from frazzling. I then switch to single stitch to make a tight seam stitch.
Dailing the decoritive stitches is just a click.
bobbin fills without machine take up bobbing up and down which tangles your thread. You can also leave work in place while filling and changing the bobbin.
end clips off easy and quick to do sleeves.
Button holes easy
Cons  This machine has a plastic gear that turns the shaft. It will jump time if anything gets jammed.
Pro. The timeing is easy to reset.
as with any machine oil every 4 hrs of use. The hint is if it gets noisy oil.....
I would suggest this machine as the top of the line for the  price. It has all the basics. Fancy stitches are really not used much. Will sew four thick on jean fabric . Will hem jeans no problem"
My new Singer is perfect for my needs. It is light weight and easy to take to seminars. Lifting into my car is not a problem this is why I purchased a new singer. My old Singer turned 50 years old Christmas 2013. I have bad knees and lifting is a problem. And the price was good. Linda ....Tampa
The directions were very confusing. Took a while but I made it work . Needs better instructions or a  video
I am so glade my husband got this for me. This was the best Birthday present ever. It is great
My singer heavy duty 4411 lasted all of 5 mos. I had a problem in Feb and the tech person at Singer helped me fix it and then it broke again. A repair person I contacted said don't bother fixing it; it is not a good machine. I have to concur. The brand name is meaningless at this point.
"I don't think this machine is any more heavy-duty than sewing machines I've had in the past. And the needle position adjustment is off. But, I didn't open the box and use it right away so I couldn't return it."
I just wanted a basic machine to do some mending and making craft items.  This machine is easy to use and a great value for the money
I purchased this machine as a backup to my Janome.  I have used it every day since I got it! My Janome is now my back up.
"i've done upholstery for years, but just started sewing. Mainly do furniture. I work out of My home. This machine was great to start out on and has sewed everything I've needed to. No problem or problems."
We bought this sewing machine for my daughters 11th birthday.  She has sewn so many things already.  This machine was just what we were looking for in regards to a beginners sewing machine.  We are also glad that we spent a little more for a heavier duty machine than the original one that we picked out.
"I read all the star ratings for this machine.  It has more than a few negative ones but for the price I gave it a
try.  I think it is an outstanding value for the price.  The machine has run flawlessly for me after more than
two months of hard use.  I am a guy who sews. This is my seventh machine.  It is well build and sews great.
Get a box of fifty bobbins so you always have one ready.  The bobbin on this machine holds a ton of thread.
It does not have a needle threader.  The caveats about it getting out of tune I think is caused by counter-
rotating the machine. Avoid doing this.  It is a no-nonsense, no frills beast of a machine.  Has sewn the
heaviest jean material I have.  I do a lot of coat and jacket alteration and it has gone through the heavy
material with no problem.  I would suggest using the best thread you can get.  I noticed cheaper thread
builds up a ball of lint material around the needle.  I switched to Coats/Clark XP and it really made a positive
difference. I also like the two ways you can hold the thread.  You can thread bobbins without having to remove
the thread from the machine. This saves you from having to re-thread the machine and needle. I do not notice it
being over noisy. It sews really fast.  For the price I do not see how you could not be satisfied with this Singer
offering."
I will admit I haven't used it yet but this machine is made for heavy duty sewing. It's made solid. Very sturdy. I have a Brother machine and it looks cheap sitting next to this one. I bought one that was listed as used but it was actually new but the out side box was slightly dented. Nothing wrong with the machine. My cost was $103. Regular cost is $139. So look into it. Shipping was free.. It has rubber on the bottom so it won't move while sewing. I tried pushing it and it would not budge.. I make blankets and I know this machine is what I was looking for. Happy sewing to you!!  :):):)
"I sew heavy stuff, I replace zippers in carhardt jackets, coveralls, etc.  It is great.  I have another heavy duty machine that I like too."
"This is a tremendous machine, It sews with power and perfection, so much faster than my other small machines. After sewing for over 40 years, and owning lots of machines,  I think this is about the best one I've ever owned."
My third machine was perfect! The prior two had issues and had to be returned. It does a great job on light leahers and other heavy fabrics.
It came to me damaged in the box and unusable... Not at all satisfied with how it was shipped..... Looked like it was hit by a truck and dropped kicked across the yard...
"This is a terrible machine.  First one I got jammed right away.  I shipped it back and a new one was sent.  Used it one time seemed to work fine.  Went to Florida for extended vacation. Took machine out today to hem some new pajamas, darn thing (second machine) jammed!!!  I'm returning this and do not plan to buy another Singer!!"
"Well, to start off this is not an industrial machine so I hope you all realize that this has its limits. It was really easy to figure out how to use and does everything I need it to do so far. The only issue I've had so far is jamming of the bobbin and having fabric jam into the feed. I can usually figure out the problem but I find that it helps winding the bobbin at a slower speed. That reduces the amount of jams. I'm very weary of this because I plan on using thicker thread for more complex projects later on.  I also had trouble going through 4 layers of material so that goes to show what it can't do.  Once I get a walking foot attachment that may change.  So what does this mean?  It means this is a good machine for what it is but by no means a professional machine.  I wouldn't trust it sewing duck canvas or ballistic nylon but it does well with normal weight fabrics.  I'm not sure what the heavy duty applies other than not having as many plastic components.  Overall a good machine, it suites most of my needs so far."
I am so glad to have a heavy duty singer.  I sew a lot and have worn out several machines over the years.  This one is very nice and was at a great price.
"Gave this to my grandmother for her craft projects. Bought it in Feb. She didn't get around to using it for almost half year due to illness, etc. Well, she has been sewing for 50+ years, using Singer I might add, too. After ONE use... And something broke. She took it to someone who fixes sewing machines and he said it wouldn't do any good because it'll cost just as much to fix it as it would to replace it. I'm an AVID Amazon user but this is the second product TODAY I am giving ONE star (both items over $100) and I'm just... Very disappointed that Amazon won't do anything about it."
"This machine has gone past our original expectations.  We use it on board the R/V Hercules ([...]) for stitching up canvas covers, and fixing cushions.  So far, so good."
My wife loves it.  It is easy to use and get the job done.  I would recommend it to anyone that has small sawing jobs.
"It is a usable machine, but putting thread on the bobbins (plastic) is a bit dicey.  The overall action is not nearly as good as the portable Singer I got for my wedding in 1961, but which I keep at our vacation home in another state.  That one is still running, and better than this new one. ""They don't make them like they used to!"""
"Thank you so much, these are best machines, I use these machines in a commercial place, are helping me a lot."
"All the other cheap machines I've had ( and seen here) have that useless plastic mechanism that never works right. We put this machine to the test the week before my wedding, and it was flawless. It sewed both silk and heavy brocaded trim equally well. I'm very impressed with this machine. My other machines are sweatshop industrials; this one is a happy addition to my workhorses!"
It arrived on time and is stable. The problem is that it has a tough time with thicker fabrics. The feeds have a tendency to pull faster than the needle comes up and down on jean or canvas material. This causes the needle to break. (first singer machine-not impressed)
Gave this as a Christmas gift to my husband and he was thrilled. Uses it for making various projects and has no problem. Nice machine without too many bells and whistles.
"Very well made heavy duty machine.  I have always had a different type of bobbin-loading setup, so it took a little practice, but I think it will work out very well for me."
I have always had singer sewing machines.  this one is so easy to use. it runs smooth and is a great machine
"Love the machine, great price, looks sturdy, however the only fault I find is the cheap plastic cover over the bobbin."
"Have used a Singer machine since I was 7 and now I am 70, that should tell you something of my loyalty to Singer."
"Love my sewing machine!  I use it for lots of mending that I do and this machine, my third, sews over heavy jean seam effortlessly like the others never did.  I was concerned about it having a free arm and it does.  Can't wait to get back to sewing more.  To my surprise. the machine arrived in just a few days and is a great value for not much money.  I  highly recommend it.  Simple to use too."
I chose this brand because it has been in my family for many years.generations before me used singer sewing machines
"Inexpensive machine that does the job, no fancy frills, but good dependable for most sewing jobs you have to do."
This machine is very good for a household use sewing machine. My wife has used it for repairs and hemming as well as other small home mending uses. It should last for a long time. Much better than spending hundreds of dollars on a machine with features we will never use. A do recommend it.
we did not use yet.its looks and weight does not tell me it is solid and rugged as we expected.
"Terrific. met all expectations. very reliable, easy to use. easy handling.had machine for over a month. runs rings around our old one."
"Everything seems to be in fine working order. I have only used it a few times, so can't say too much more about it. Time will tell."
"Got this machine yesterday after my Singer Stylist started ""shorting out"" after a year. Well.... I opened this machine up today, went through all the ""quick start"" steps and started sewing. After about 30 mins, I cant backstitch anymore. the lever will get stuck in the upper position. In addition the turn dial on the side that you can crank to get the needle to go up and down is almost impossible to turn. It is also making a very loud metal again metal banging noise when the needle is going. Very disappointed in the two singer machines I have.... time to do some more shopping and find something better."
This is a good sewing machine for the price - nice and lightweight and easy to carry.  Well worth the money.
i had to purchase a new bobbin holder as some one had some how sewed holes  in the one that came in the machine. once that was done the machine stopped fighting me
got it as  gift but she hasn't useduch so i fear she doesnt like it but the little she has used it she liked.
"I grew up on a standard Singer ""workhorse"" sewing machine, and this portable one is a dream, and works every bit as well as I hoped, and more so!  Very portable and light, even. Sews super-fast (1100 stitches per minute!) and very sturdy and easy to thread and wind bobbin.  Make sure you purchase the proper Singer plastic bobbins.  The metal ones just don't fit right (it comes with extra babbins, so you won't have to buy them right away).  Be careful to LOOK for the axxessory pack!  it is hidden inside the arm of the machine -- you have to take take off the bottom portion (as though sewing a cuff or pantleg) and then open a hidden compartment.  I think I actually said a secret word to finally get it open.  I paid $120 and it was a steal as far as I'm concerned."
"This Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine is the very first sewing machine I have ever bought or used, so I can't compare, but I can say that as a beginner, I found it very easy to learn to sew on this machine.

I have not had any problems using this sewing machine. I have used it for easy little jobs like hemming pants and taking in clothes, as well as for some more heavy duty leather and fur sewing and everything has gone really well.

If you're inexperienced and in the market for your first sewing machine, I can certainly recommend this one."
I really like this sewing machine.  I have been sewing most of my life and had sold my machine when we moved and regretted it.  So I order this Singer machine and am very happy with my selection
"Love, love, love this sewing machine! Was able to use it straight from the box. My very first project for this machine was a full size (cotton batting) quilt for one of my regular customers. This machine is still going strong 2 years later!"
"This is a simple to use, sturdy machine, and I'll be using it alot. Making curtains at the moment and I'm very happy with the smooth operation."
"I did not actually use the machine - so it might be great - but...
I ordered this as a new machine for about $120. As a novice, that was pretty much as much as I was willing to spend and it had great reviews on multiple sites. The machine was shipped by Amazon and arrived within the estimated time frame. I sad to see that it was clearly used: the foot pedal was clearly worn, there were Sharpie marks on the machine, the owners manual was well read, had coffee stains as well as writing on it and came in a ziplock bag.  There was a 1 inch crack in the plastic near one of the knobs (novice!). If I had more experience sewing, I might have kept it but I didn't want to risk any potential mechanical error along with the likely user error that would occur!  I'm the the process of getting a refund on the machine was well as the appliance warranty and I hope it goes smoothly."
"Really love this sewing machine, it's easy to use and very functional.  I've used it already for many projects. Yay"
"I am a beginner, but bought the heavy duty so that I could grow into it. But I am a little dis-satisfied with the fact that one of the most used levers is made out of plastic (the presser foot lever). Really Singer? Is that what our world has come to? Even industrial grade products are made to break quickly. :(

I love everything else about it so far. :)"
"I gave it four stars for its performance.  I would of liked the light to be in a better location.

I have two of these exact machines now.

I recommend this machine to any one who sews with heavy duty material, or for crafts."
"I ordered the 4411.  When it arrived, I saw that it did not have the needle threader.
Maybe my mistake.  I sent it right back.  I am still looking at other machines."
ORDERED THIS FOR A FRIEND AND SHE LOVES IT VERY MUCH. ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT THE WORLD IS A GLOBAL VILLAGE AND THEY SHOULD MAKE IT SO IT COULD BE USED WITH ANY VOLTAGE.
"This replaced my Singer that I bought in 1977.  It has a lot of the same basic features but they have been modernized and made better. I received the order in 3 days. I have used the machine and it is very easy to use and does a great job!  The only problem was, that i also ordered bobbins at the same time and here it is 3 weeks later and still have no bobbins. So I had to go and buy them at the brick and mortar store. Don't buy the bobbins that are suggested with the machine. Delivery time is excessive!"
"This machine is going to be awesome, however we had to have it repaired right out of the box.  The timing was off - not a big deal.  It was covered.  It was just a bummer as it was a gift and it's now been three weeks and we still haven't been able to use it!"
"Purchased this sewing machine for my wife as a christmas present because the antique we had finally give out! This machine is ultra easy to use. Just because it's small don't think it ain't heavy duty because it will sew anything you throw at it! Very, very good machine."
"It was fine at first then thread would not pick up bobbbin thread and would jam and knot.  I got for grand-daughter
and we're taking it to a friend to fix it and give a couple lessons.  Everyone says its a good machine, so if it

can't be repaired - I'll sure let you know."
I LOVE this sewing machine. Its by far the best machine for the money. Its solid. It sits solid on the table too and doess not bounce up and down no matter how fast I sew. Its quiet too com paired to other machines. Only thing missing on this is the automatic needle threader which I understand the next model up has it for a few bucks more. I have used this machine daily for the last year and its still going strong. Remember to only use GOOD quality thread in your machines. This helps to ensure your machine will be doing its best.
"I have been sewing for quite a number of years using my mother's Singer which was very old.  I decided to purchase a new machine and went with the Singer.  I was disappointed from the start.  Threading the upper thread is somewhat easy but the bobbins give me trouble when winding and inserting.  I have been using the machine now for 3 months and am considering buying another machine and chucking this one.  When I hemmed a pair of jeans, the machine knocked going over the bulky seam even when I raised the needle and then it jammed.  I noticed this a lot when sewing bulky fabrics.  The machine knocks terribly.  The speed is great but you don't need speed when sewing apparel.  I just made a tablecloth with it and the fabric was very fine.  I changed the needle, did everything I could think of but it still puckered.  I am sorry I got rid of the old Singer.  As the old saying goes, ""they don't make things like they used to""."
"I haven't used it a lot, yet, but it's very easy to thread and seems to be working just fine."
"This machine is sturdy and really heavy duty. It's a little different to thread, but the instructions are clear. My old machine was an expensive computerized one that wasn't nearly as comfortable to use. I am sure that I'll have a long and happy relationship with this one."
"Goes through Denim like a pro! Love this machine! It is easy to set up, easy to adjust, just totally pleased with this machine!"
"I like the quality of the machine. It easy to use and great instructions enclosed.
The free shipping was a plus too."
"We bought this sewing machine 2 years ago for my mother and she didn't use it right away.  My sister borrowed it over the summer and hemmed a few pairs of slacks & then I borrowed it to sew some simple fleece microwaveable corn pillows and it broke while I was using it.  We took it in to a certified repair shop & they told us it's completely shot and not worth fixing.  I'm very disappointed because it wasn't necessarily cheap, I think we paid $269.  Now we have to buy another one.  The repair shop went on to say that Singer is not worth buying anymore, that they used to be really good, dependable, well-made machines but not to waste your money on them anymore but to look at other manufacturers, like Brother."
"This is exactly as described.  Shipping was SO fast!!!  Haven't really had a chance to use it much but for a Heavy Duty machine, this fits the bill to a T!"
"The one and only sewing machine I have owned for 35 years is a Singer Heavy Duty with Metal Frame. I've never had any trouble with it. It still runs but I was looking for a new machine. Not wanting a plastic or computerized one, this Singer was exactly what I was looking for. It's solid and easy to thread.
If you are looking for a dependable sewing machine at a fair price, this is it."
"When I moved out of my parents house, the first thing I got was this machine. I will admit, I thought this machine could not handle lace (how silly)! I have had it for over a year.  I wanted to make sure I really liked it before I put up a review.  I have not had problems with sewing anything - from delicate lace to quilting, this simple machine does it all.  I sew all of my clothes and this machine has gotten quite the workout!  All low-shank feet will fit on here.  I have bought both the generic set of snap-on feet available on Amazon.

The buttonhole feature is adjustable and the feed dogs drop to do free motion quilting.  Now, the only thing I have yet to find is an extension table.

I think this is the best machine to get if you are not sure that you want to sew.  Its on the lower end, and if you decide to stick with it, it moves SO FAST that you can whip out outfits in no time.  The foot pedal is very responsive and you can adjust it like when you drive a car.

Happy Sewing,
MissZuriB"
After reading reviews I was a tad concerned as a couple reviewers reported having trouble. With the price and Amazons great return policy I thought I would take the risk. Sure glad I did as the Singer 4411 is heavy duty metal not plastic. Easy on machine directions for threading. I love the clear bobbin cover so I can see in advance if it is going to run out. The rest I am learning as I go. The sideways thread spool was a tad disconcerting but now that I am used to it no problem. If you are looking for a sturdy basic machine I would highly recommend this one.
"I love this sewing machine!!!!  It pretty much just sews, no fancy stitches, but it sews amazingly well for an affordable machine.  My 9 year old is learning to sew on it and so far hasn't done anything to it that wasn't a quick fix.  Stitches are straight and even and it sews nicely on everything.  The only thing that I see may be a problem is if you sew tiny, curved seams.  The pressure foot is possibly a bit tight to manage tight curves neatly."
I would recommend this to the serious sewer who wants to put their foot down and get it done.  Simple to operate.  Quiet running.  Does what they advertise.  Plus you don't need to be a computer genius to operate it.
Rattles n rocks n it very noisy and skips stiches. Hard to keep stitch adjustment right. Has a mind of its own. I've been a seamstress over 42 yrs n this is ni more heavy duty than my regular singer or my old kenmore. Selling it!
Singer did it again. Grew wp with them. Like the bunny just goes and.goes No problems. Use an canvis and sail repair and it is heavy duty at lite duty price.
"Nice entry level machine and would love it if it had a needle threader on it.  But for the price, Works good.  Easy to use."
"EASY TO USE. HEAVY DUTY ENOUGH TO HANDLE MOST JOBS. MY WIFE
LOVES IT. USES ALMOST EVERY DAY. THANK YOU.  JOEL"
"Super fast shipping to Los Angeles.  Great little machine, perfect for every day projects.  Doesn't have all the fancy stitches, but those aren't necessary.  Really great tension, runs super smooth."
"Considering the inexpensive pricing of this machine, it performs very well.  It isn't the same 'heavy duty ' of 30 years ago's models, but it is sturdy and the tension allowances are good.  I would recommend this machine."
Heavy duty I love this machine it s not heavy to carry . It is a strong machine . Ok for beginners
"Great quick buy sewing machine. Sews slightly faster than the normal household portable machine which is why I bought it. Myself, my mother, my step-mother and all of my step-sisters all own one!"
"Better than some, but still not like the old singer 401 head.  Reverse moved to awkward position.  Also. the way bobbin opens and piece comes off makes for losing  the piece easily.  Sews nicely as I do heavy duty."
"Remember this sewing machine?  It sat heavily on your mothers sewing table.  It went forward and backward in straight stitch and zig-zag.  It would do a button-hole if you were clever and patient.  It had no cams or LED screens, but it reliably sewed everything from blue jeans to prom dresses.  Well it is back. I have had this one for two months and used it to make heavy canvas tote bags and repair fine silk lingerie.  It neither bogged down on the heavy canvas seams, nor gobbled up the delicate silk fabric.  Would give it five stars if the work light was brighter or better positioned."
I just needed an easy machine to operate and use for repairs.  I haven't sewed in years and this was very easy to figure out how to thread the machine and bobbin.  It's a great buy for the money.
"If you are not doing heavy duty work, it's a wonderful machine. The first 2-3 times I put 3-4 layers of denim through it, it wasn't exactly happy but once it got going it did well. After only using the machine no more than a dozen times (mostly light duty work) for a month, it finally tapped out while sewing a patch through 3 layers of denim. The hook timing was completely thrown off, making the machine useless. I took it in to a local store (for a repair quote) and the wonderful women helping me was very clear that this isn't a heavy duty machine and it would simply keep breaking down if I tried to use it this way. ""SINGER is just not what it used to be"", she said. I'm returning this to AMAZON and getting a used PFAFF 685 from them for $200 that goes through 10 layers of denim like a hot knife through butter."
"Great sewing machine, great price. very easy to set up and use, excellent for new crafters. Very happy with this purchase."
"I have had this machine for a while now, and I am only an occasional sewer. It has been dependable and easy to use, no problems with the heavier tasks like denim jeans and upholstery fabrics. Definitely a good purchase for my needs."
"love my new machine.  haven't had too much of a chance to try it out since getting it.  But it seems nice and simple and heavy duty.  the only thing i found odd is that the thread holder is sideways laying down instead of up, not its not able to use serger thread on this machine.  I find that to be a little inconvenient."
"The machine is very sturdy and the instructions are easy to follow  Being a sewer, I am glad to have a machine that will sew through heavy denim with no problem."
This machine is great! The manual lacks in instructions but Singer has several great demo's on UTube. Used on heavy material with no problems.
"Once I figured out how to use this wickedly awesome machine, I started working on little projects for myself. I don't use it as much as I want to, but it handles my sillyness and my lack of knowledge, It works really well and Ive been able to sew faux fur with it without something happening to the machine. Its super tough and the little case that came with it keeps the dust off a lot. I cant say just how much I love this, and how much I recommend it to everyone."
"For the money this is a very nice machine. I have had other sewing machines before, but have always had problems with them. This machine is easy to thread (both machine and bobbin) and works well. I have sewn several items since purchasing it and am very pleased with the machine. It worked well with all the materials I used...even a thick fleece."
"When I was looking to buy a machine and read reviews of this one I was a little hesitant to buy it - mostly because some of them said it wasn't really a heavy duty machine. The capacity under the foot is not very big, so maybe that is what was meant. I have been able to get through 6 layers of heavy webbing or banding, or whatever you want to call it that's used for old school aluminum lawn chairs. I have run over metal zipper teeth with no problem (No judging. It was an accident.) and sewn through 4 layers of 200 weight fleece. I have not, however, tried it on leather, vinyl or oilcloth.
I think it depends on what you need. This is a fairly small machine and it's mostly plastic, but I'm only sewing for myself and I don't quilt. If you're new and you don't do upholstery or sew for a living, this is a really nice beginner machine. The only thing that's weird is it doesn't thread the bobbin evenly. But I just put my finger under the thread as it moves from the tensioner to the bobbin. That seems to even it out.

Edited to update 4/21/15: Okay, I've had this machine for several years now and I've sewn with it regularly for the last 2 years. I figured this review is worth an update for a couple of reasons:

1. I wanted to do lightweight fashion fabrics with this as well as heavyweight but it does not handle the long straight seams without tension issues that are not even remedied by the tissue sandwich method. This really is a machine for medium to heavy fabrics. Sometimes you do have to hand crank over several layers of denim, but the seam is straight and nice looking every time. The presser foot pressure adjustment just doesn't go far enough to help out lighter fabrics. I wouldn't even use it for quilting cotton unless you're okay with puckering. I've even spent the ridiculous amount of money for a walking foot, which helped, but not enough for me to sew wearable garments.

2. There are some serious obstacles to maintaining this thing. First, there are no resources on the company website, and the manual gives information on just changing a needle (not maintenance), dropping the feed dogs (also not maintenance), and changing a bulb. There are no videos or tutorials out there for this either. Second: most top bobbin cases just pull out. This one has some weirdly placed screws that are almost impossible to get out. Third, there is also a lip at the bottom of the number 3 tension area, which keeps it hidden from a proper cleaning.

So, I'm downgrading this from an enthusiastic 5 stars to a meh: 4. It's not a bad machine so it doesn't deserve 3, so it's definitely a lukewarm 4 stars. It's just not versatile enough a machine for it to get more than that. The lack of information on the machine alone is enough to give it only 4 stars."
"I love it. From the first heavy duty job, I was in love with this model. It zipped through several layers of webbing like butter. I have always bought Singer and this one is the BEST!!"
This machine can do every sewing task that I have attempted from thin material to heavy denim. I think it's a very good value on a simple to operate machine.
"I ordered this for my mom for a 30th anniversary present because the one she got for her wedding broke. It had no packing materials to surround it to keep it from breaking during shipping, none of the accessories that were supposed to come with it even though it was supposed to be new (I.e. Bobbins, pedal, feet) so there was no way to know whether or not it worked. I sent it back the day after we got it."
"I used it about 20 minutes, to sew edging on a blanket,when the needle broke.  I replaced the needle but the bobbin thread no longer hooked onto the thread from the needle.  I waited 1 hour and 27 minutes to speak to someone on the helpline who advised me that the bobbin synchronization seems to need adjustment.  It's under warranty, which means I pay to ship the machine to another state and wait for them to send it back.  And hope that it lasts longer than 20 minutes the next time.  I hate this machine."
I love my new machine im a beginner and I haven stopped sewing since I got it love love love it I have been sewing fleece and other heavy material and it just goes right on with out stopping
"So far, so good! This is my first sewing machine and it has so far stood up against all my user errors. I've also sewn through suede with absolutely no problem. I will probably not have to upgrade for a long time."
"The sewing machine itself is just what I wanted.  However, my sewing machine was missing one of the accessories - the button sewing foot.  I would like this accessory, but I don't want to have to return the entire sewing machine.  Better quality control needed."
"for my first machine this was great! however, the only setback was the manual did not give detailed instruction. I actually had to go to the Internet. but if you don't mind a little trial and error  and have the time you can figure it out for yourself. Next time I know to get auto threading bobbin.  it took me awhile to realize I did not have that because the manual  lead me to believe I  did and the foot pedal is a little flimsy.  but I am pleased with the machine and wish I could give it four and a half stars.  great for beginners and for the price I say an excellent machine."
"I had a great Singer Sewing machine for 25 years.  Loved it.  But alas - the block inside cracked and could not be repaired, so I purchased a new Singer.  I bought a heavy duty as I use it for work.  This machine constantly has issues.  The bobbin consistently pops out of the case and I spend more time fixing this issue than I do actually sewing on the machine.  Very frustrating.  If I could go back in time, I'd not purchase this machine."
. Easy ta load bobbin and thread. Have used it ta put name patches on work shirts w/ no problem what so ever. Makes me wish I was better at sew it so good.
The reason I give that rating for Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine is that machine very excellent machine and very well
"I received a Singer heavy-duty machine for my high high-school graduation.  The thing lasted for 20 years!  So, in my quest to find a replacement when it died, I started looking for another Singer.  My future daughter-in-law received this machine for Christmas, and I tried it out.  It was awesome, just what I needed!  My 3 sons bought this for me for Mother's Day. We bought the same machine for my daughter-in-law.  It is not an industrial machine, but it does wonderful work on Sunbrella, twill, and some light upholstery fabrics, not to mention, basic medium- and light-weight fabrics.  A carry case can be purchased for it, too.  I even found a Singer ""notions""  case to hold one's sewing tools, thread, etc.  Nice and durable.  ONE TIP:  If you are going to be sewing on different types of fabric, go get a variety of needles.  I kept breaking needles when I was sewing on heavy twill.  I got the heaviest Singer needles (from Wal-mart), and haven't had a problem with tension or breaking needles since.  Enjoy!"
"Great all around sewing machine! There is a bit of a learning curve but that is what instructions are for!!!

What I liked about it:
It is really useful when sewing through rather thick materials such as denim and thick polyester blanket like materials. The settings and options make this the swiss army knife of sewing machines!"
"I didn't choose I love it, because my accessory package was not included, therefore I cannot even thread my bobbin to sew. The spool pin is missing the cap that keeps the thread on the pin!  There is no where on the Amazon site to report something missing. Just a return. I don't want to return it, I just want my accessory package.
Has anyone else had this problem with missing parts?"
"I love this machine, it is 'sew' powerful!!  Breezes through the thickest fabrics, hemming jeans is now 'sew' easy, highly recommend."
This is a great machine - it is sturdy enough to handle heavy fabrics but light enough to move around.  Very easy to move between different stitches.  Easy to thread and change bobbin.  I would highly recommend it!
"My wife trusts Singer brands and this product serves its purpose. The quality of the parts are not as used to be 20 years ago. The heavy duty specification is not satisfactory, and my wife normally uses the machine to sew together items such as aprons. It is very easy to use and people who don't have sewing experience can use it. Be careful of the type of thread you use because it does snag a lot while sewing."
This is my first home sewing machine so I didn't want anything complicated.  It was pretty easy & simple to get started.  I've been sewing everyday for a month..nothing broken yet.  Needles that came with the machine broke when I tried to sew over coil zippers so I had to replace them with heavy duty needles.
"Seems to operate well enough.  ""Heavy Duty"" doesn't mean what it used to, but this model is clearly a step up from some lesser plastic-fantastic models.

Other reviewers have pointed out the important of threading this machine correctly.  It's realllly easy to miss a step, and it will seem like things are ok for a sec. And then the machine will bunch up the thread horribly. I'm pretty sure this is the source of a number of negative reviews.

We shall see how well this holds up over time."
"This is a very good item it meet expectations, shipped as agreed, consider this for your purchase, you probably will like it"
After years of trying to make my moms 70's machine sew this is so nice. The direction book was simple to follow ( in English) and makes threading a snap. I am not a frequent sewer more fix seams and make occasional slip covers and hemming things. So far it is better than I expected after reading the reviews. It was more than i expected and see this doing my sewing as needed.
"i sew professionally, so I was in search of a machine that could keep up with me. After seeing the machines that cost 300 plus, I thought I couldn't afford a decent machine. I saw this machine in a fabric store, ( for 100.00 more than I paid for mine ), and almost bought it. I always check Amazon's prices before I succumb to retail, and was happy to find it there. I am so pleased with this machine, that I am going to buy a second one, soon.
The only negative was due to shipping, I think. A stress bump on one corner disappointed me."
"I have not even gotten my sewing machine in the mail yet and after reading all these reviews, I wish I would have shopped around because I need a good and dependable machine that is heavy duty and from what I gather, this machine will be nothing but trouble. I sure hope I don't get a lemon. I'm waiting on pins and needles. I will let you know what happens after I receive it and try it out. Keep your fingers crossed!  One week later: I got my machine and sent it back the very next day! This is by no means a heavy duty machine. When I attempted some heavy duty sewing, it just couldn't take it. My old Kenmore is not running up to par but it still out sewed this machine hands down. I didn't like that it had no auto threader, which cant cost that much to include, and no stretch stitch. It was easy to set up and use but it was not going to pull its weight in the long run. Am very, very disappointed. Kenmore over singer any day. It cost me return shipping and ups pickup charge, but I now know never to buy a sewing machine on line again. My advise, go to sears and test one out, seeing is believing!! Good luck with yours if you got one, you'll need it."
"I am a beginning sewer. I researched for several weeks before purchasing a machine. My main use would be to alter denim for my daughter and myself who are vertically challenged and I want a machine that would easily maneuver through denim.  The setup was easy. The machine is easy to thread. The speed was quick and smooth with basic cotton.  My first complaint is the machine was used. Amazon did not list in the description that the machine was used. Although it was used I decided to give it a test run to see if it was worth keeping. All listed pros above still stand, but my second complaint is in agreement with other consumers from a variety of websites is that the bobbin thread gets caught and makes a mass ball. After rethreading the machine several times I figured it was too much work for a beginner. That coupled with the reviews that Singer has terrible customer service I have decided to return it."
"Easy to setup, no frills, just a heavy duty machine. This machine helped me finish my first project in one afternoon, and I'm just learning."
"I love my new sewing machine, it is just what I was looking for. I was not looking for anything with fancy stitching just a basic sewing machine."
i  got this for mothers day for my mom and she loved it ! she gets to do heavy duty sewing and light things in tge same machine ireally reco this machine
"My siblings and myself purchased this Singer 4411 for our mother.  She patches blue jeans and makes heavy duty quilts.  The nearest repair person is two hours away.
Our mother was raised during the depression and won't use something new until the old one drops dead and disinegrates.  Needless to say that machine sat in a box until I moved back home and tried to use it three years later.  The POS didn't work.  Won't thread the bobben and the needle won't go up and down.
I wrote to Singer to see if they would replace it - I am not holding out much hope - but if they won't I think I'll get a JUKI.  I read in another review by a Tailor that they are better."
Was looking for a good quality (HD) machine with a few necessary stitches.  This model fits the bill perfectly.  Just lifting it will tell  you that it's a quality durable machine.  Sews so nicely.
"I was a little hesitant between this one and a brother model, but I am so glad I went with this one. I would say I am still a beginner / novice sewer, but the machine is extremely easy to thread and get going. After reading reviews I did take heed and changed the needle as soon as it arrived which just seems like a good idea. I'm several days into making a large red trench coat for a Halloween costume made of a relatively thick red fabric, and the machine has had no issues going through 4 or even 5 layers of fabric!

The tension was very easy to set, as was winding bobbins. The only quirk I have found is you have to remember to wind the needle dial backwards to pull up the lower thread - but that's on me as I should have read the manual closer. I've used about 4 different sewing machines in my life between school classes, my mom's and one off of craigslist, and this puts all those other ones to shame in terms of ease of use and working without issues."
"Many folks seem to have trouble with this machine; others do not. It is a nice clean design and appears to work quite well.
We are quite pleased."
I purchased this machine specifically to work with multiple layers of denim. It works just fine for my purposes. And it's fast!
Perfect for what I need!  And more money does get your better quality for sure.  I haven't had any issues with it like I have had with other models.
"I only used the machine to make a couple of pillows, and the feed dogs stopped working.  I had to call Singer to figure out what was wrong with it.  I was on hold for 1 hour and 40 minutes!  But I stuck it out because I really didn't want to take it to a repair shop this soon.  The bright side of this was that the Singer representative stayed on the line with me for 40 minutes until we had it figured out.  She was very sweet and went through each step carefully.  The only problem now is that I am making a Halloween costume and the feed dogs have stopped again, and the stitch length is never right.  So, I thought it would be o.k. to buy this machine, but I'm actually sorry I did."
"About ten years ago, I bought a Brother sewing machine for around $75. It ran great, it got thrown in several garages, went on many a trip and continued to sew wonderfully, considering the variety of machines I sewed on in different locations. When I started sewing leather, that's when problems started happening. Skipped stitches on even a single layer of leather (and thick fleece), regardless of adjustments and needle changes, continued to happen, which is no good when you're selling your products! I retired the machine this year to pass it on to my younger sister and got this awesome piece of metal.

There are a couple of repeated issues that other customers seemed to have with the machine:

 Some mentioned how it's a pain to change the needle. I used pliers for the first needle change because it's pretty tightly screwed on, and since then I've been able to change the needle smoothly.

Several people said they had problems with the bobbin, with the lower tension being crazy, the lower thread breaking or getting knotted, general tension problems. Unless your machine happened to be defective (which sucks, get another one and don't lose faith because this machine is great), the bobbin thread should sew smoothly. Make sure the bobbin thread is running COUNTER-clockwise, and make sure your upper thread is running towards you off the spool, not away from you. If you are getting wavy, bunched fabric, lower the tension and try to lengthen your stitch. If the thread is getting stuck with the fabric, make sure your needle is all the way up (turn the wheel towards you until the thread finishes wrapping across the bobbin and comes loose).

Someone mentioned they read the manual all the way through before starting to use their machine. I took their advice and did so! Make sure to practice stitching on a scrap piece of the fabric you want to sew until you get used to the stitch length settings.

My favorite thing about this machine is that the stitches remain evenly spaced. Your work looks like crap when you've got intermittent itty bitty stitches in-between regular-length stitches. I can sew through six pieces of fabric (corduroy, flannel, upholstery) with even stitches. It also sews through garment leather great (and unlike my old Brother, I can sew much more than 5 stitches/minute)!

This machine is dirt cheap and delightful. Wahoo!"
"The 4411 was a replacement for an older machine.  It arrived very quickly, and I was busy sewing quite soon, EXCEPT, that I realized I could no longer count on the needle being in the middle, thus creating the seam I wanted (1/4"",  5/8"", etc.)  !  There was no way to bring it far enough to the left, so I just accommodated, and that worked well enough, as long as I didn't pay attention to what was supposed to be the guides.  I have just ordered a replacement for the 4411, with another 4411!!  You wonder why!.  Well,  I made the mistake of sewing over straight pins, which I have done for over 65 years, but this time the needle hit the pin, the pin bent, BUT something happened to the meshing of all the pieces, and the needle will no longer go down all the way.  It hits, thus preventing the completion of my projects!  After checking out the basic cost of our local sewing machine repair shop, it makes more sense to order a replacement, and hope this one will, as a bonus, allow the needle to be where it is supposed to be!  I did e-mail Singer for assistance, but have no response."
I guess it's okaaaay......my mother was sewing with it and told me the needle broke once but there was an extra so she was able to finish her project.
"Bought this for my wife for ""basic"" sewing tasks and it works like a charm.  Our main focus was on the Metal Frame and it really payed off.  Less vibration and it works excellent for quick sew projects."
Great machine for everyday use.  Had to troubleshoot loose stitching when I first used the machine.  Adjustments were not helping. With help from customer service ended up being a bad needle.
"I like this machine. I sew sunbarella canvas for boat projects. The machine works way better than my previous machine. I can not afford the professional sailmaker's machine so I was apprehensive about buying this one. I made side windows first thing with it. The machine sewed right through 8 layers of canvas and a .030 thickness of strataglas. I will keep you posted. If it lasts a year doing the hard stuff then it is worth it. Update! Oct 24, 2013 Just finished a Sunbarella enclosure for our boat 10 panels, welting, zippers, Stratoglas .030 thick and some places 8 layers of Sunbarella. Broke two needles, mis stiched a few times, All operator error. This machine can quit tomorrow. It paid for itself many times over on this project. I will post pictures on our blog [...] UPDATE 2017, This machine is awesome! Still rockin! Lost the cover for the bobbin. Found one for .85cents on Amazon. Sew it goes......"
Does not work. Can not sew with it. Feel stuck with it. Don't know where to go to fix it.
Wanted a basic everyday machine and this was perfect.  The price was cheaper than getting old one serviced and tuned up. It has worked perfect since the 1st day.
"This was the first sewing machine I have ever purchased.  I learned how to use the machine in lest than an hour, including how to thread a bobbin.  I am so pleased with the ease of use, as well the machine's solid build, and reliability.  I would buy this machine over & over again.  I grew up watching my mother & grandmother sew on their Singers from the 50's & 60's & grew to appreciate their reliability & versatility.  I knew after months of researching customer reviews that I wanted to continue the family tradition of owning a Singer, but I also knew that as a novice, I would need a basic machine, that would stand up to whatever I could come up with to throw at it.  I plan to use this machine for many years, and I have no doubt that it will last."
I sewed over 6 thicknesses of heavy denim fabric to hem pants. I wish I hag ordered this machine with a needle threader.
"iitem in very good condition, recommended daily value pair of good quality, ideal for domestic use, in short good presentation"
"This is a great price and I have sewn over a hundred of Girl Scout patches
with it and it goes a great job on patches and Badges."
"Now I ordered the machine on Wednesday 18th in the afternoon and Friday the 20th in the evening the item was on my door!!! The shipping was free!! Superb Delivery !!!
I got the machine sewed with it!! so far it is great!! Boy heavy duty is the word, stepping on the foot pedal you have to press on heavily to sew somewhat, raising the sewing foot, it is heavy unlike my singer 7225 home machine!!
So far so good, I bought this to handle some projects I am undertaking and  I was stressing my 7225 machine too much and it made sense to get a machine that could handle a lot of work!!!
So far the Quality of the Machine is as Advertised and as I gain more insight on the machine I will update my review!!!
Amazon is Great  I do not know what I would do without Amazon!! The two most used words in my mind and fingertips are Google and Amazon!!!"
This machine has not worked since day one- 8 mos later it stopped working all together. Unable to find a dealer to handle exchanges or repairs.
The machine was as advertised and in excellent condition.  It arrived in the original packaging and was an excellent deal.  No regrets!!!
"This machine is very good. It is smooth and easy to use. If you need a good basic machine, this is the one. I really love it."
"I'm a beginner with sewing and this machine was very easy to learn and the directions to it were very specific and I had no problem threading it for a first timer. The machine's power is pretty mind blowing and I highly recommend this product to people who love, or just learning to sew."
"this little sewing machineis a great buy for the moneyit does every

this little sewing machine is a great buy for the money it does everything I need"
"This sewing machine is build to last a long time . it makes a great gift, run quiet , simple to operate , does make my Mom happy :) .
I highly recommend this."
"Awesome machine works great!
Originally purchased a less expensive one  but it stoped working after a week of sewing.
I returned it and got the 4411, I'm happy"
"I wished to upgrade my older simpler Singer sewing machine, and hoped this machine was the answer. Unfortunately Singer 4411 cannot compare to less expensive simpler models. Go figure, I hate working with it, it breaks down a lot, I do not recommend it at all."
"I asked my fiance to order this sewing machine for me last Christmas and he did.  It's taken a while to put a review up, but I feel others should know what they are ordering.  I wanted this machine because it was ""heavy duty"".  I needed something that was going to handle thin leather.  It is not heavy duty at all.  If it should be able to handle several layers of denim, it should be able to handle one layer of 3oz leather.  To my dismay it can not.  When you can get the settings correct on it, it will sew normal cottons and quilting fabrics, just don't expect it to do too many layers of that."
Heave duty should be more sturdy from my point of view. Stitches are not completely straight. Simple to use though
"This is the first machine I got from Amazon.  I checked out prices at the stores and found that Amazon was a lot cheaper. I received it in the time that was stated and set it up and was sewing within 20 mins.  I have been sewing for over 30 year and sewing all kinds of things, kids clothes, clothes for myself and other adults and house hold items.  This is the machine to get, am thinking of ordering another one, just for back up.  If you are looking for a machine to replace the one you have or thinking of getting one to start out...this is the one."
"I am very disappointed with this machine. I've had it for 6 weeks and already in the shop! My last Singer worked hard for me for 10 years, so I thought I was getting a good product. Little did I know! I cannot get the tension right. I'll be sewing along just fine, then stiches start to get loopy and then the inevitable, a big mess of tangles! Once I can get the fabric pulled out from getting jammed in the bobbin thread, unwind the bobbin since all that was pulled and cut, thread the machine again, I can tell you I'm pretty frustrated! The man at the shop told me 75% of the machines he had to repair were Singers still under warranty! If you're needing a sewing machine that actually works, spend your money somewhere else!"
I love it.  Replaced a 30 year old Singer.  Great for someone who just wants a plain sewing machine.  Made a blouse for my first project.  Button holes were awesome.  So easy.  Sewed the buttons on with the machine too.  Surprised how easy it was.  I would highly reccommend this machine.  Easy to transport too.
"This Singer replaces a 40 yr old Singer & I like the new one so much!!!  Had to toss the old one, but that's ok."
I retired my last sewing machine because it was just too heavy.  This one is great.  It does what I need it to do and it's easier to carry.
"Was a little leery of buying this sewing machine but the price was right and the fact that it was supposed to be pretty fast made me decide to buy it despite some of the negative reviews.  First I put the order in Thursday late morning.  I had the machine Friday afternoon.  Really fast shipping!  Thank you Amazon. I unpacked the machine and read the instructions for doing the bobbin and threading the machine.  Followed the instructions exactly but was not sure how fast I should go and ended up with a badly wound bobbin.  Started over, and this time just ran the machine fast.  Perfect bobbin and after threading the machine according to the instructions, the machine sewed a beautiful seam.  I made no adjustments to anything.  I'm pleased.  I think this Singer will do the basic sewing I need to do, as well as handle the occasional project."
Love this little genius.  It sews denim like crazy and is relatively easy to thread and work with.  No more words
"Several years ago we had a house fire that destroyed 90% of the contents, and our Jeans Machine was melted. With its melted housing and knobs, I took it apart and oiled it up (yes, I sew, so what...LOL) and, yes, it worked for another 10 years. So this was our choice for a replacement and it has been working nicely for our needs.  Gotta love the steel frames!"
"I purchased this machine, used it for a month and have had nothing but problems with the tension. The tension constantly needs to be adjusted and today, I had to replace the needle 3 times because it snapped from the tension being off. It feels like I've spent hours troubleshooting, and loads of thread, trying to get the tension just right. This machine is taking the fun out of sewing and making my work look amateur, so it's going back in the box it came in tomorrow and I'm buying something else!"
"I love my new Singer 4411, I have completed several projects since I have received it. It was a great purchase"
I like it. It is easy to use. It is a very good machine. I feel lucky I chose this one.
"It was what I expected, and I am happy with my purchase.  The price was attractive and the performance has been great."
I'm not a bonafide seamstress but this guy does the job he was bought for which was turning boot cut jeans into skinny jeans.
Nice little machine. Good for the money and it is easy to operate. I like it. This is the type of machine used for quick fixes.
"Okay, she's not a seamstress; but she does sew quite bit, and she really likes this machine.  It was fairly inexpensive, but has the features she wanted.  When she's happy, I'm happy."
My wife is very pleased with the strength and ability to penetrate through heavy material like curtain material recently sewed for our niece
"I purchaced this machine from the Amazon warehouse deals portion, it was in the ""Used like new"" portion, I have been saving my money for a couple of months to buy this machine. My order arrived yesterday, I was excited to set it up and start sewing, got it all ready and it doesnt work, the hand wheel is so tight that the needle cannot go up and down when you step on the pedal, I tried everything to loosen the handwheel to no avail, I thought I would try to call singer to troubleshoot this problem but I have been on hold for 20 min. now and it says there are 11 calls ahead of me. Amazon warehouse says that they test each item before selling them but I find this hard to believe since my item doesn't work at all, needless to say I am VERY dissapointed- I won't ever buy anything from the warehouse portion of Amazon again to save a buck and I will have to return it"
The light on this machine is too dim and this is the only thing that I can find wrong with this machine.
I just received the Singer Sewing Machine 4411.  I love the performance and its masculine design. I bought it to sew linens and alter attires for church use.
"What a treat to try this baby out! I ordered it for my classroom and tried it out on a project of my own, now I want one!! Great machine, very easy to operate!"
"I bought this sewing machine in May 2013. I used it twice and then the bobbin started getting tangled. We moved during the Summer so I didn't have time to deal with it. I called them mid July and waited 30 minutes on the phone and I still was number 13 on the queue. I gave up and decided to email them to the address they tell you while you are on hold. Didn't receive a reply. Called again, I was on hold 40 minutes until I got someone. The lady begins by telling me to get the manual. I told her I didn't have the manual, we just moved and I didn't know where it was. She said without the manual she couldn't do anything, to call again when I had my manual ""but bear in mind that your warranty expires in two weeks because the warranty is 90 days only"". Called today again, this time was 40 minutes on hold. I was ready with my manual, God forbid I don't have it in hand. After 30 minutes going around and being told ""look on page 48 on 'how to thread a needle'"" ""look on page 25 'how to wind a bobbin'"" The lady concluded that it needed to be either shipped to an authorized servicing place at my own cost or driven. I told her my nearest authorize dealer is one hour so that would be 2 hours going to drop the sewing machine and two hours picking it up. She asked me to contact Amazon to see if they took it back. I was livid and told her it shouldn't be Amazon's responsibility Singer should be the one responsible for their defective equipment. I told the lady for what I paid for this sewing machine it was not worth wasting money on shipping nor gas. So, I told her I would be throwing this sewing machine in the dump but not before leaving a review in Amazon. So, here I am as promised."
"It is very sturdy and quiet with no problems so far. I did however,have slight trouble with the bobbin at first. But now it seems to have straightened out on its own. Definitely a great buy!"
"I'm really happy with the machine,I don't know how to sew but it makes me look like I do. Thanks Randy"
"This will be my first Singer Sewing maching. I got the ""Heavy Duty"" machine because I sew a lot of jeans."
"My Daughter & I love this new machine. We are both beginners. I just wish that I would have gotten a version with more stitch options. After a little practice the foot petal gets easier to control.(very speedy) Threading was very easy. We've enjoyed making different sorts of apparel. Much cheaper here than elsewhere. Jo Anne had it on sale for $189.00. reg $249.00. It came with everything that was to be included and ready to sew! We've worked on another singer and this one kept the flow going. Pretty sturdy too.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-4411-Heavy-Duty-Sewing-Machine-with-Metal-Frame-and-Stainless-Steel-Bedplate/dp/B003VWXZKG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless Steel Bedplate</a>"
Bobbin winder won't work. It didn't come with the all purpose foot. Had to take the one off the old machine. Have to wind bobbins on the old machine also.
"I needed this machine to sew neoprene which is thick, This Singer did the job without any problems at all. I thought I would have to leave the pressure foot up because the material is so thick; Nope, not with this work horse. The bobbin is easy to load and I like that I can see it (it's different to load, but easy; read the instruction).
The only thing I didn't like is the machine was mailed in the Singer box and left on my door step, should have had it mailed as a gift so it would come in the brown Amazon box."
It's not a bad sewing machine and it sure is a heavy duty. I am so ready for the serger next for more projects.
"Very disappointed. It is a junk not even close to the term ""heavy duty"".  The needle was immoveable, jammed at one place. stiches were loose, the tension  button would do nothing. I am an experienced sewer and have used my mom's Singer while growing up and owns Elna Lotus for a while and love it.  Amazons services are great, I returned this machine, Singer 4411 without any problem and received a full refund in a weeks time."
"This is a true Singer heavy duty machine, and it is a nice one.  I plan to use it for the rest of my life!"
"Our startup business purchased this machine in order to make its first product, a strap for carrying groceries hands free.  The paperwork indicated that it was warranted for commercial use, and the marketing indicated it was good for heavy duty stitching.  The warranty is true, but the jury's still out on the ""heavy duty"" aspect.

We believe, having read several of the other reviews, that this machine may be shipping with a manufacturing defect.  We noticed that out of the box the bobbin thread was exceedingly difficult to raise.  We raised it, though, and two of our team used the machine with increasing frustration until finally the bobbin thread seized nearly irretrievably on every stitch.

The process of identifying the manufacturing defect was unpleasant.  On July 10, while the machine was still under warranty, we called customer service.  There were nine callers ahead of us and we waited 45 minutes.  The customer service representative made us feel guilty for applying the machine to commercial use, saying, ""I would never buy a machine like this to start a business.""  She said that twice, which is why we feel comfortable quoting her.  She also said she'd never use a thread weight thicker than 50, which is a ""thin"" thread.  We expressed our dissatisfaction with her answer, considering that the machine was marketed as ""heavy duty"" and the warranty covered commercial use.  She gave us no sympathy.  All we got was a mailing address for the service center, which we could have found on the slip of paper that came with the machine.  She wouldn't even tell us what we needed to include with the machine when we sent it in.  No, she was done with us, and we were to call the technician ourselves.

The technician sounded like he was having a bad day.  He gave a flippant answer to our request for an estimate of turn-around time.  For your information, you need to send the machine in with its original or equivalently secure packing along with a note explaining what the problem is and whether you're under warranty.  We did this and shipped the machine to the service center at our cost.  It came back quickly with the technician's note, ""Removed burr from bobbin case.""  It sounds to us like a piece of excess material that should have been removed before final assembly.  Either that or this heavy duty machine wears very quickly.

Knock on wood, the machine is now working.  We are waiting with bated breath to see whether it endures.  I strongly recommend against purchasing it, as the manufacturing, customer support, and service that Singer provide are all evidently uncaring.  You can likely save money, overall, by buying a more expensive brand and avoiding all this trouble."
"So I bought this machine around April of 2013, and I bought this machine because it had great reviews and was perfect for what I needed.  I am a student for Fashion Design so money is tight and so it also helped that this machine was pretty decently priced.  But, the third week I have used this machine it starts pulling thread, creating curved stitches without me doing anything, very loose tension, it was just a mess.  I am a skilled sewer so I do know how to work a sewing machine, all i use on this machine was plain Muslin.  So I am very dissatisfied with this purchase and will be returning this because it just doesn't sew a start stitch; and yes I have read through the manual and played with the tension and it just keeps getting worse."
I had an industrial singer for over 30 yrs. Do to downsizing I had to get rid of it. I tried this machine only because it said Heavy Duty not believing that would be. What a surprise when I tried it! I am very please with it. I love it!
I very much liked this purchase.  I with pleasure use and I recommend to each person to get this thing.
"One star for Amazon. Machine arrived well packaged and in excellent condition. Too bad they cannot make it work. I received and returned his machine on the same day, it has been a very frustrating experience; I had everything ready to sew my son's pj's and was only waiting for the machine to arrive. The machine arrived but it did not work, there is something wrong with the engineering of it. Bobbin kept bunching up the thread and the eyehole hook kept snapping it too. When neither of these things happened the machine simply failed to stitch. I would not recommend it to anyone."
"I don't know if ""Heavy Duty"" would be the right description for this machine, but I have to agree, it is a great machine. Works pretty good with the thin fabric that we use. I haven't used for sewing heavy fabrics yet. Overall it is a good machine for the price."
this machine is great it arrived on time and packaged very well i 've been using it alot i love the quitness and the ease of the operation i would recommend this machine to anyone that has heavy duty sewing to do.
This is my first NEW sewing machine. I have had several 2nd hand machines and it was great to have a brand new one. I've already made simple curtains for 2 rooms in my home. I don't make clothes but make things for around the house and crafts and I think this machine will certainly do the job. I especially liked the see through plastic cover for the thread bobbin. Loved the position of the knob that makes the back stitch. The thread sits sideways on the top of the machine which is VERY different from what I am used to but it works really well. Super easy to use and not as heavy as my old machines yet not so light that it feels cheap. Overall very happy with my new machine. Looking forward to making other projects with this sewing machine.
"My family is front CT which I think is or used to be the headquarters of Singer.  We've always used Singers.  I did not want to use an old machine because the new ones are easier to thread and, I figured, easier to use.  This machine has not been able to handle jean fabric, light leathers (with leather needle), or canvas, and now, six (6) months after purchase, broke down completely and must be serviced.  I think the ""engine"" is gone, and the whole thing will end up in local landfill.  Singer should not call this ""Heavy Duty.""  A more apt product description would be ""Mattel's 'Barbie Can Sew' Sewing Machine ages 8-12."""
"I haven't used a sewing machine in two decades, and was pleased to find this to be sturdy so far."
I feel that I gave this machine a fair chance.  Didn't feel as though I should have to be so frustrated with a simple operation.  Got the Janome 2212 and love it.
"I used the machine the first time and the bobbin was way out of place, I had to take it to a repair shop and have it repaired.
No charge it was brand new."
"The first machine I ordered wouldn't sew.  Like ... anything.  not even just two pieces of fabric stuck together.  But I will say that the return and replacement process was painless, and I haven't had any problems with the replacement machine so far.  I bought this one because it brags on being 'heavy duty,' and my Viking just doesn't cut it on more than two layers of anything heavy.  The bottom-feeder Singer has performed well the two or three times I've had time to use it, and it pretty much performs as advertised, though I will note that my problem with getting one that was properly aligned and adjusted and having to return and replace doesn't seem to be all that unusual.  If you really want an inexpensive machine, or if you want something to back up a more delicate and finicky machine like I do, it's not a bad alternative for the price."
"I got this for my mom! She really need a strong sewing machine to work with thick clothes! And these one actually delivers a lot, they don't joke with ""heavy duty""! The only thing is that the base if the machine is to big and kinda uncomfortable when working but the rest is pretty sweet!"
"I love the look of the machine and the price was great...then I got it home and I've had nothing but problems.  Feed dogs haven't worked since day one, and have had it to repair man twice.  Now it is broken again!  Save your money...save for a better machine."
"I haven't sewn in years and had tried to revive a couple of old hand-me-down machines to do a reupholestry project.  I was struggling alot to sew through some heavy fabric and keep having problems.  Iwasnt sure if it was me or my old machines. Well, I decided to get a new one and boy did the project go great after that!  It was easy to set up and I haven't had one problem that wasn't clearly a user error!"
"THANKS A LOT FOR THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT! :D

I bought this one I think a month ago, so far I have sewed many clothes w/ it! i did so many repairs w/ it like my scrubs (5pairs) and repaired my husband's outdoor short! :D So far it has been amazing and tough to use! Now, I have a new project which is making my own scrubs w/ it!

I bought a heavy duty needles for it at Walmart, once I decided to repair jeans or tougher cloths w/ it I'm ready to go! :D

BUY THIS ONE! It worth d $$$$$! ;)

THANKS AMAZON! :D"
"I agree with other reviewers that this is an adequate home-use machine. I've sewed denim, outdoor fabric, button holes, used it to sew buttons on, hidden zippers, closed a pillow seam, you name it. I am a novice sewer, but it's not new to me as I've been sewing since I was a young child. I do wish I had a serger or a serger attachment, but otherwise, I only have further need for a few extra presser feet and that's it. This sucker is up there with my top favorite Christmas presents that I've gotten in a long time. She's not made of metal on the outside, but sturdy as can be. Love the extra storage area and all of the accompaniments that come with this machine. I recommend it, especially for this price that Amazon is offering."
"Oh wow, my machine arrived and I am impressed!  I am a Singer girl from way back but this is a dream machine if you are looking for a workhorse!  I held off writing my review until I had put it though the paces.  I am not a light weight, sometimes sewer, I sew daily for several hours a day.  I have made clothing, a quilt, repaired denim, and made doll clothes, all since my machine arrived!  It handled all without a hiccup!  If you are looking for a pretty machine to set in your sewing room so you can say you have one, keep looking.  This machine is not pretty.  If you are looking for a workhorse, I high recommend this machine.  All needed dials and knobs are within easy reach to change needed settings for each project, it's a breeze to thread and wind bobbins, the reverse lever is a dream!  It's right where a serious sewer needs it!  I have used the free arm several times!  I confess, I have not put a zipper in, nor have I used the button hole feature but I have had Singers in the past that work the same way so I am confident this will be no exception.  Love, love, love the machine!  Thanks you Singer and Amazon!"
I haven't had a machine in years and really missed sewing so bought this machine.  I had a small problem getting the tension right but now it seems like it's working fine.  The price was good and so far; so it the machine
"The machine has worked great so far!  I am an avid sewer and do many different kinds of projects on my sewing machine.  I haven't tried any heavier types of fabric yet, but expect to in the near future.  I think it will be a great addition to my hobbying :) The machine is certainly not a looker, but then, the products that it produces are the prime things I show off, not the machine itself!"
I am a beginner sewer and this was so easy to set up and use. Within minutes it was assembled and ready to go. I mostly use this for hemming pants and it does a great job. I have nothing bad to say about this product.
"It is ok, cheap but it does what it is supposed to do and that is why I bought it."
"Not as heavy duty as it sais, but it's durable. I'm a first timer and the machine was quite simple for me to learn how to use it and it convenient to carry around."
I actually like this machine.  I had a light weight Pfaff before that was always jamming when I tried to sew multiple layers.  This machine just plows right through.  I do wish that I had spent just a little more for the upgrade machine.  Lots of features for just a few dollars.
I was hesitant at first from some of the reviews about the machine not being as it was listed. And I only purchased this after the Amazon message was gone on the description that they were going to fix what the complaints were about. The exterior is not metal it is plastic but the interior is what mattered to me. It has power to get through heavy fabrics. And it is FAST!!! I have used factory machines and this is close to that speed. Very pleased and happy with this purchase.
"I've sewed just about everything with this baby!  It is fantastic, I got it on sale and it was a bargain!! Great machine"
"I have worked as a carpenter and millwright for over 40 years, so I know a little bit about tools and machinery. I own a JUKI industrial machine that is an absolute bear, so I know something about sewing machine. I also own 3 SINGERS that date from too far back to call anything but ancient. They still work fine.

This one is great. I usually only do straight and zig zag, so this is the tool. Strong, smooth and powerful. I gave it a 4 because I didn't see a MADE IN U S A sticker on it. Otherwise, a very good machine."
"THIS IS THE BOSS-PATTERN SELECT DIAL, SELF WINDING BOBBIN, REVERSE STITCHING, THREAD CUTTER, ETC
NO ONE DIRECTION STITCHING. WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE."
goodddddd oh goooooooodddddSINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless SteelSINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless Steel
I bought this for my 85 year old mother who loves to sew. Her other machine was old and kept acting up. She loves this machine.
"I received the sewing machine exactly on time and was hopeful that everything would be fine. I gave it as a gift and the recipient tried to use the machine. It would not accept thread using the procedures as outlined. She tried many times and finally took it to a sewing machine repair shop to see what was wrong. She was told that the machine was out of time and that it would cost $100 to repair it with no guarantee that it would continue to work for any extended period. He said that Singer is not the Singer company of old. The new Singer is made in China of less that good quality parts.
I returned this machine to Amazon. They were very gracious and returned my purchase price, no questions asked."
"This is a terrible machine. Do not buy it! I bought this machine, thinking it was ""heavy duty"" as its name suggests. After only using this machine 4 times the machine did not work well at all. The machine started to slip stitches and thus make it unusable. When I called singer to see if they would replace the machine after only 4 months, they would not accept a return as it was longer than the 90 warrenty. I bought the machine for only 139.00, and it doesn't seem worth it to pay $85.00 at least to get it fixed. I do not recommend singer at all. Terrible machines and terrible customer service! I hope this will help someone and keep someone from experiencing the same thing I have."
"I ordered two of these machines, one for my sister-in-law, and one for my Mother.  I did not order the Add-on bobbins Class 15J, as I had plenty of them (another Singer machine).  Good thing!  The box that this machine comes in says Class 15 bobbin, which is different from a Class 15J.  Trying to contact Singer to straighten out the difference was impossible (busy signal continuously, plus no answer to my questions sent on the internet).  I have three Singer machines, and not one of the manuals tell the reader what kind of bobbin to use.  So, after about three hours of research, I am persuaded that I need to go buy some Class 15 bobbins in order to use this machine.  My question: why is the Amazon seller shipping this with Class J bobbins??"
"I've only used the simple stitch so far.  It took me a while to wind the bobbin correctly.  I wish the guide book
was more descriptive.  The threading of the needle was fairly easy.  So, far I really like it."
Love this sewing machine.  This is my second one. My daughter liked it so much I gave it to her and ordered myself another one.
This sewing machine has worked great so far. I love that it is so simple to use.  I have already made a few items and repairs on cloths.
"Given to my daughter, so I have no personal experience with it. My daughter, however, is very happy with it and thanks me from time to time for having it delivered to her."
"You can't beat this machine for the price. It is simple, without computerized settings. My main complaint - which is a big one - the light over the sewing area is horrible and practically non-existent. You will need some other light to work."
"This was my second Singer and I generally love the brand, my first has lasted 15+ years and only recently needed rapair.  This machine was great at first.  Once you get used to some of it's quirks.  I read lots of reviews and needed a fast sewing machine with no frills and this fit the bill.  I sew roughly 6 quilts/month. My problem with this machine came about 2 months in when the bobbin holder started to get out of alignment, needles started to get bent, and the threads jammed in the bobbin area.  I had it repaired and it worked great for about one more month then the same thing happened.  I have contacted Singer and am hoping for a quick and satisfactory outcome."
"I spend the winters in Florida and have an older model version of this Heavy Duty at home - figured I could get this one and keep it down south.  Not sure what has changed with the Singer people but this is clearly not the right path they are taking.  First off, check the owners manual (in the store, hopefully).  You will note that they do not ever tell you what size bobbin to use!  Unbelievable.  Three bobbins were included in the accessory pouch - and each one had a different number on it - a 3, a 13 and a 16.  They looked pretty similar, but felt like different weights.  No matter which bobbin I tried, the machine would sew a straight stitch ok, but the bobbin thread would tangle and snarl if you tried to do a lock stitch to start a seam, or if you tried any zig zag.  I tried the usual - rewinding bobbins with different thread lots, different tension settings - no dice.  I finally found on the Singer website, that the manufacturer suggested a class 15 bobbin for this machine.  What a joke - if you look at a class 15 it has a little ledge on the top, not smooth like the bobbins that came with the machine.  I dutifully went out and bought some of those - makes sense that an incorrect bobbin would generate problems.  Tried 3 of these bobbins with about the same result.  The machine will sew straight stitch pretty well for about 6 inches, then start yanking on the top thread, or tangling the bottom thread.  After 2 weeks I am giving up - this has been a giant waste of my money (which I can get back) and my time, which I can not.  If other people reviewing the machine are happy with it, I can only conclude that the quality control on the parts and manufacturing is pretty poor, and clunker machines are getting through.  HOWEVER, the fact that they no where in the manual even identify bobbin size or its importance makes me believe the company itself no longer has any concern about the customer, and lacks an even basic quality control program. I would not recommend this machine, and due to concern expressed in the last sentence, any Singer machine at all."
"As expected, good, solid, simple to use and easy to start.  Instructions were vague, but adequate to start.  Hopefully more on the web."
"I purchased this machine a year ago but just finally got time to sit down and do a project with it.  I am an absolute beginner sewer but I have had no problems with learning how to use this machine.  I studied the manual and each part of the machine and learned how each part works and how to adjust the machine.

I then purchased a couple of easy beginner books on sewing which I will also review (Sew Everything Workshop by Diana Rupp and Me and My Sewing Machine by Kate Haxell and they were both great books-I highly recommend them for learning how to sew)  From those books, I learned about sewing machines, fabric, notions, using the correct needle for the type of fabric and using/reading patterns.

I write all of this to illustrate that I am a complete beginner but I did take three days to read and educate myself before using the machine so that any problems I had with the Singer would be easily identified as either me or the machine.

In sewing several very easy, straight stitch projects (nothing fancy like zippers, button holes, pleating or elastic) I had no problems at all.  The machine is easy to thread and I had no problems with thread breakage or tension or fabric bunching.  It sewed the way that it is supposed to and is very fast and powerful.  For the first time (I have used very bad machines before and it chased me away from continuing to learn to sew--I am talking about you ELGIN!) I really enjoyed sewing and with this machine I want to continue to learn and make sewing a regular hobby and skill.

I can recommend this product completely.  I usually only write reviews for outstanding products and this is one.  I also wanted to counter some of the reviews that were bad as I could tell from the problems described that the writer was more at fault for not taking the time to learn the machine and read the manual than the machine itself being at fault barring anyone who just happened to receive a possible lemon off of the production line which I know can happen with any product.

So, if you are a beginner wanting to learn to sew and want an easy, basic machine at an excellent price (I paid $119.00 a year ago) with not a lot of frills which as a beginner you won't need or use much, this is the machine.  Use this machine to learn and learn well and then maybe graduate to something fancier if you really progress in your skills.  Thank you, Singer, for a great product at a good price!"
"The machine is easy to set up for different stitches.  For the short time we had it, it does its job well."
"I am somewhat of a beginner in sewing and this is my first machine of my own. I was looking for a machine for the purpose of sewing upholstery fabric, so I knew it would have to have some guts. I did not expect to find a heavy duty Singer in my price range!  I actually was looking at other brands when I found this one and discovered it to have all the features I was looking for and it was in my budget! I ordered it from amazon and expected to get it in about a week. 2 days later the delivery van pulled in my driveway...and I didn't even pay extra for faster shipping!
I am very pleased with my machine. I sew on it several times a week and it has given me no problems. With the proper needle and settings it sews steadily through multiple layers of fairly heavy fabric.
For someone like myself who does not have a lot of experience with the workings of sewing machines, regular maintenance was a bit of a challenge at first. The instruction manual is very basic and gives no instruction for cleaning and oiling the machine (but it does explain how to change the lightbulb...I found that interesting :). And the manual on Singer website is the same. Fortunately, the machine is very user friendly and with the help of online forums and videos I have been able to learn how to properly care for my machine.
I have no complaints. I am happy with my choice of this machine, and I would  recommend it for anyone who is looking for  a basic, strong machine."
"This is what it is...simple, straight forward, and well worth the price. It's a great Singer -- sturdy, well made, a work horse. You cannot buy ANYTHING as well made for such an inexpensive price. Never had problems."
"This is a very durable, easy to use machine. It is a basic machine but it sews well and is durable. I am very pleased--it is a much nicer machine than the Singers and Brothers sold in the Walmart store. It is a very nice machine for the cost."
"I really cannot say much on this item.  It was a gift I gave to my duaghter.  As yet, I have nothing I can report back"
"True, it has a manufacturer's warranty. but I got this as a Christmas present and it did not work. Had to wait until sewing shop opened in order to actually get it repaired. The timing was off so the needle did not catch thread soon enough. I am glad to have a place listed on the warranty that was not far from me.

The machine itself is fine if it comes working how it should."
"this is another nice product ,work's well and easy to use ,the only thing i could say I didn't like about it is that it does not have as much power as they said it would , other than that , I like it!"
"I ordered this to do quilting(machine piecing) and it is a serious drag racer!  I can sew at an incredible pace and the only thing that slows me down is bobbin changes, fabric issues or the un-dead.
Thanks for the product SINGER!"
"I ordered this product from Amazon. I am not a professional seamstress, but need to sew canvas and other heavy materials for shop purposes.
This machine handled six layers of canvas without slowing down. I did brake a needle when I tried to run over a layer too thick to go under the foot. Duh.
Fast shipping. two days. Couldn't be happier with this machine. Easy threading and it just didn't seem I could make a mistake."
"I purchased this product because my family used Singer sewing products for many years (70+).
This however is the worse garbage i have ever received from shopping on line.
It does not work !  It does not do the different stitches!  It continually breaks the thread!
This is just from trying to sew a simple hem.
I hope Amazon, takes note and remove this from available products.
Basically, this item will be going to the garbage can !!!
It is useless !
Oh, and to make things worse, it was a Christmas gift, which my wife finally had a chance to use."
"It will not sew. The thread under the material just bunches up indicating the lower thread tension is not right. It will have to be adjusted by a professional. This may or may not fix the problem.
I called Singer and there were 11 people ahead of me. I haven't talked to them yet."
"I purchased this machine to add to my lighter Singer that I have at home.  I make costumes in my free time, and needed a machine that could keep up with the materials I was using, whereas my lighter Singer kept falling short.  This beast certainly didn't let me down!  The strength of the motor in this guy is absolutely perfect for the thick layers of fabrics/furs I have to regularly sew through, and I've never had issue one with it.  Occassionally the thread will sneak out of the tensioner, but that's an easy fix.  The drop in bobbin never gives me flak, and everything else works like, well, a well oiled machine!  Highly recommend for anyone who needs a more powerful machine than a standard home machine, but can't spring for a full professional. This is a great mid-level machine!"
I haven't used a sewing machine in about 10 tens and was able to easily tread the bobbin quickly and start sewing right away. Used it to hem some jeans and had no issue with the machine getting thru the material. Overall happy with it.
"It's a good machine, but it didn't come with the pedal feet or any other standard accessories shown. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to be able to get those accessories."
I have always had a singer and so has my mom it is the only machine there is for sewing.
"Best sewing machine I have used so far, great for thicker fabrics, would recommend this to anyone who is interested in beginning a sewing hobby"
"So far we can't complain.  This machine is simple in use, but very good.  I wasn't looking for anything fancy and I am pretty happy with it!"
"I am an experienced seamtress and found this machine to be a ""good ole Singer"". The threading issue did not throw me as I have seen it before."
"I needed a new Heavy Duty sewing machine, have been sewing thirty years!! Wanted a low maintenance sewing machine an after doing a lot of research I decided to purchase a SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine, I have used a Singer sewing for all my sewing years, an love the convience of drop in bobbin. After sewing many projects using various types of fabric, I would recommend this machine to anyone.especially if you want a straight forward, heavy duty, hassle free sewing machine. It is very easy to operate an the drop in bobbin an threading this machine is fast an convenient. Wind the bobbin, insert bobbin into machine an picking up the thread is very simple an fast. This machine is a dream for your Sewing projects, its smooth steady sewing an fast speed make any project that you can dream up----this Singer 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing machine will handle it all--I have had my new machine for six months an love itORDER  IT!!!"
"I paid 120.00.  It is efficient, tight and works as promised.  I'm sure there are better with more toys. But this one is perfect."
"Works like a dream, an with great ease, super easy set up, especially for beginner. Only thing I don't like is how loud it is when your cranking right along."
"It sews equally well as my 35-40 year old Touch and Sew.  The internal parts are heavy plastic where the old one has metal.  I used the new one to hem heavy jeans while the old one was in for repair and conditioning.  I was hoping for better performance but was disappointed.  However, the stitches for other uses such as zig zag and for stretchy materials are integrated into the machine where the old one has to have cogs changed to accomplish that task.  I plan to use the old one for jeans and the new for other variety stitching projects."
I use to sew a long time ago and this is a very easy machine to operate and use singer is the beat for the money
"my wife bought a small, cheap Singer at Kmart for $60. It was junk and was returned the same day. No problems with this machine. she is a casual user but loves it."
It was good but not for long term use. The motor was not big for what I expected. But beater than nothing.
"I liked this machine--it would go over a seam better than my 'non' heavy duty machine but it would still break a needle and even skip if you are trying to hem jeans and have to go over the seams.  It didn't give me much trouble but I ended up actually breaking a couple of parts on it (how, I don't know, I usually just sew knits) The 'steel' plate needs replaced and the repair shop said there is another little part broke so It will be $100 or more to fix so another machine is junked.  I am thinking about getting another one so I will have one for parts but not sure yet.  I guess if you can get a couple of years out of it the price isn't so bad but overall when it was sewing it was pretty good."
"Bought this for my youngest daughter while I am in Afghanistan.  She opened it up on Valentines day and I received this email from her:
Dad,

I'm missing some of the standard accessories from my sewing machine

  - Zipper foot
  - Buttonhole foot
  - Button sewing foot
  - Seam Ripper
  - Edge
  - Pack of needles
  - Bobbin (3x) I only got 2
  - L screwdriver
So now I need to figure out how to get these for her.  Not happy. Cant rate product because nothing in there that she needs to use it."
This is a good value for the money.  No need to get the automatic needle threader.  It sews great and can get through some pretty thick material if you get heavy duty needles.  Exactly want I needed.
"I chose this rating because I love this machine! My husband had bought me a Brother sewing machine a few years back and I used it twice. While sewing my granddaughter's jeans the wheel flew across the room. He found this machine online and liked the idea that it was heavy duty. So far it has proven to be the best sewing machine I've ever had. I even sewed jeans with it!! The bobbin has messed up on me while I was sewing curtains, but think it was just me not threading the bobbin right."
I have been sewing for many years.  I am finding this machine easy to operate.  It is similar in operation to the machine I learned to sew on.  Not many bells and whistles but great for the type of sewing I bought it for.  I has handled any type of fabric I have sewn without any trouble.
"I have not had time to use all the features.it it well built. The only thing I do not like is threading the needle from the front,I would like to have for it to be from the side as it is easier that way."
"I bought mine as ""used"", thinking someone would have checked it to see if it was OK before shipping it out. I could not find anything that would indicate to me that it was ever actually used. It could have been, but I don't know. I used it a couple times and it decided to stop going all of a sudden. I checked for jammed thread but it was fine. It made a noise and stuck in a certain spot in the cycle. When you lift the carry handle, right next to its hinges are two screws, with those out you can take the top piece off and access the bearing points. Also take the nose piece off that has a single screw near the thread cutter. I sat it on my knee and turned it in all angles until I had everything lubricated by squeezing out one drop of air tool oil at a time, from a small plastic bottle that that sort of oil comes in. I kept turning the end wheel until it got worked into the joints and was moving freely. If you turn it up side down, there are two screws that hold on the piece that has the lever for lowering the feed dogs. There is a second shaft that runs off a cogged timed belt from the upper main shaft, oil those bearings you can get at. The far end of that shaft seems difficult to access so I can't tell you how to do that bearing, at the moment. I believe that these machines are not somehow magic where you never have to oil them."
"I bought this machine on the rebound from a Janome machine with which had extreme trouble and wound up returning.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from a Singer.  But, I love this sewing machine.  The thread never binds or snaps and I have not yet sewn anything the machine couldn't handle."
I ordered this machine and arrived on promptly manner in excellent shape. Singer is known for being a good manufacturer of sewing machines. The unit is robust and well designed for the price. I wish reviews can be given after several years of use since my real intent is to keep this unit for the rest of my life.
"It's a great sewing machine. Really simple to use, solid construction, tons of features! For that price, just a little above $100, it's a really nice deal."
Sews very well.  Any problems I've had have only been my errors.  I found that out pretty quickly when I continued to have the same problems.  I fixed what I was doing and I don't have those anymore.
"had to learn how to sew and this machine fit the bill very well.
returned for replacement after bobbin stopped working (probably my fault). factory response was fast,effective and they sent an accurate and well-defined reponse on  how to use the machine."
needed a new one and this is a good machine heavy and strong just what I wanted to to all
"I replaced my 30 years old Singer with this machine. Very happy with the performance. I was able to sit in my old cabinet, and that has been great. Not fancy, but meets all my needs to do repairs on clothing, make pillows and quilts."
"I just bought this 4411...it runs great. Have sewed for 15 years on a scholastic model 5830. gave to a friend,  I sew for a hobby. make curtains, tableclothes, other home furnitings, and quilts. really love it. It a hard worker! no problems with hemming jeans. I am just VERY HAPPY, it is alot like my  5830!"
"The Singer 4411 is perfect for me, and I would suggest it to anyone who needs to sew on leather......the main reason for my purchase.  It's fabulous."
daughter has been sewing since she was 7 and 20 yrs later I replaced her 30+ yr old Kenmore. She says it works great and loves the simplicity.
"The machine works well, with the exception that  the needle does not move to the regular sewing position.  For regular sewing, it remains to the right."
great sewing machine now i can fix my clothes in no time and make changes without a problem thank you
Wish they still made them like our mothers machine (all metal) It is a nice machine for the money and its easy to use!
Got this as a Christmas gift for my motherinlaw. It was a last minute dicision and the entire family was so amazed @ how soon it arrived. I placed the order and in 2 days time it was here. And my motherinlaw sews all the time. She makes quilts and she said she dearly loves this sewing machine. Thanks Amazon. Luv ordering from u! I always tell all my friends about u!
"Let me start by saying that my first machine was a singer feather weight. I am a beginner so after I realized that I need something easier and automatic I chose this one. The reviews were mixed Everywere. But that was the case for all sewing machines. It took me a couple of hours to figure it out. But it's definitely easier than my feather weight from the 50's. so far I am very happy with it and I would recommend it.

I simply wish the bobbins and the rest of the parts( button hole...) were not made out of plastic.
I have read some pretty bad reviews on the singer customer service. Hope I never have to experience that."
"I  have only ever had cabinet machines, but I have used this a little and will need to sew with this a bit more to make a true assessment.  I would rather have the light under the middle than to the left which is where it is located on this machine,  but maybe it is just dimmer than the other one I have."
"This sewing machine works like a charm and is very durable, it works well on heavy fabrics and is very effective."
fantastic everyday sewing machine. sews through everything without a problem. would highly recomend this to any person who likes to or wants to learn how to sew. Ive been sewing for nearly 50 years now and its a dream.
"If you can get this for under $200, its a decent machine.  It has a lot of power and gets your basic sewing done.  Plus it has  handy threading pictures if you don't use your machine very often and need a reminder."
Needed a heavy duty machine and this one is great. I am hoping it will be around for years to come.
"Works great!!!, Just wondering about the accessories?? Is it something that is needed?  Would recommend most definitely.  I bought this for my mom to replace her 40+ year old singer,  so far she has no complaints!"
"Love this sewing machine. Does a great job, and able to sew through even the thickest of material without the needle breaking or the machine dragging."
The sewing machine does not work .  The hot phone line is disconnected. The sewing machine does not work at all.
"So I purchased the exact model of this machine 1 year ago and it sewed great! Until I got to the heavy duty materials (Pleather, wool etc) This machine's bobbin would jam So easily! I gave it the benefit of the doubt and decided to purchase another one. What a nightmare first when I pulled it out of the package it was bent and warped, I decided to test it out and within 2 hours of sewing and started jamming and not threading at ALL. I was so disappointed :("
"Haven't had a sewing machine that is as easy to run as this.
I recommend this machine to everyone who loves to sew."
"Bought it as a gift for my mother. wanted something simple that she has used before, and to my surprise she knew how to use it well."
"I was purchase this machine receive it in just two days , one star for fast shipping only the machine has toooooo much tension problems,OMG return it in the next day to amazon ,and in the same time i order Brother Project Runway CE7070PRW 70-Stitch which is the best machine i used there is no and never ever of tension problems, easy to use and it's heavy duty i use it on jeans and leather , pay many dollars more and get it ,it is the best five stars and more and more, but this singer 4411 don't buy it"
"This Singer Sewing Machine works very well. Even though I haven't used a sewing machine in many decades, it was relatively simple to set-up and begin sewing. I wish that Amazon had shown all similar units noting the minor differences in features for comparison when I was shopping for this unit; although this one has everything I need, I might have chosen a more expensive unit with additional features."
"I am a professional. Have been sewing since I could reach the treadle on the old machine in the basement. I have done bridals, furs, leather, ballet tulle, and sails.  This machine handles it all."
"I do love this machine. Although I once did a lot of sewing, I have not had a sewing machine for a long time now so this purchase was carefully considered. It is all that I had hoped it would be, and I am having so much fun with it. Simplicity itself, which is exactly what I wanted. Thanks, Singer."
Bought this for my mom for Christmas. She loves it. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the reviews but so far very pleased.
"Machine seems sturdy; reminds me of the older machines I used to own; SImple, yet does what I want it to do."
Great heavy duty machine as an addition to my sewing needs. It fits in the case perfectly and will travel with me as I need to do so.
Have used this for several months now.  I am a beginner sew and it has been great.  It is sturdy and easy to use.
Ships on the out to sea can not pull in to get  Mommy to fix the seam or put a new hem on new coveralls. Or to fix a tarp that needs a little mending... Thank You Sailors on this Ship are Happy Thank You Chief Steward Michele Hopper
"Fantastic for heavy duty and regular sewing. I like to make quilts and throw rugs, and this machine can handle heavy weight fabrics!"
It's a great simple machine. more attachements and parts should be included as part of the package.  An oil container would have been nice.
"Bought about 1 month ago for daughter who is learning to sew, machine works and she is happy with it.  Good value."
"I have had this machine for about six weeks and havn't had the opportunity to sew many projects on it but was happy with the ability to handle thick seams on the one project I did do.  Easy to fill the bobbin and thread the machine.  Easy to use the different stitch options.  Does run a little loud but I am used to that.  Haven't tried the button holer yet but that will be my next test. I would recommend this machine to my friends.  Also, the price was great.  I do some upholstery and that is why I opted for the heavy duty machine.  I had literally ruined my featherweight Singer sewing upholstery fabrics on it. Very happy with my purchase."
ITs a gift for my daughter and she loved it... she was useing it at college before Christmas... so i thinks its very good.
"Great machine, a little tricky threading it-not like the old singers in threading but you can watch a video on youtube how to thread it."
"I would recommend this to any lady who loves to do sewing,  not on a professional level, but it surely sews demim well, without any problems at all...  she loved it..."
I bought this sewing machine for my wife and she received it about a week ago. She was working on a project where she was sewing it by hand when she received her Singer and she said she was finished with it in 2 days where by hand it would have taken her 2 mos. she just love her Singer 4411. We received it by the scheduled date of delivery and it was packed very well. And at the price we fell it was a great deal after shopping around and compairing prices. Would highly recommend this product.
"I bought this machine to do heavier work then my regular machine could do and Im NOT disappointed
Now this is not a heavy duty industrial machine, its a heavy duty home machine meaning you can sew a couple layer of leather or blue jeans with no problem. I have used the heck out of this machine on all types of fabric and it works great
I read many reviews on this machine before I got it and all reviews said there was major tension issue where the thread bunched up. Its not a tension  issue, for some reason the thread will come out of the threader from time to time and it will cause  a  bobbin mess but at soon as it happens just re-thread and all is fine.
I have 4 sewing machines and this one is my favorite by far. Its fast, sews very well on heavy or super light  material and its a simple machine, not much can go wrong with it and bonus is its not heavy to carry around ."
if you buy a cheaper one you will still have to spend the same amount or more in the long run.
I like it because it had been so long since I sewed anything the machine actually gives you direction as to how to thread it. I only wish the pressure foot of all things was not plastic.
Great machine for beginner.  Instructions are very clear.  Numbers on machine make learning to thread and use machine very easy.
"The machine came quickly, met my needs, it was a good value. I purchased for a family member who is learning to sew and she will find this easy to use."
"This was a replacement for a machine that I bought a local big-box store that was cheap and broke after a couple of years (and I found out would cost more to fix than to buy a new machine), so I went with a heavy duty machine and I love it! I only wish I had more things to sew!"
"Are you kidding me? I totally giggled when this came in the mail. It's old school, just like I learned on. Nothing fancy, but super durable, and can stitch through the thickest fabrics. I love it. I would never want another machine."
I couldn't believe how fast this item shipped :) I love the machine already hemmed a pair of pants for my husband and started to make myself a purse :) this machine will definitely come in handy and save us a lot of money at the dry cleaner's/tailor's :)
This machine is wonderful. I have needed a heavy duty machine for all my alterations. I can't say enough about this machine's capabilities.  It's got power!
I love the sewing machine only thing I have to say is that the stem where a second spool of thread can go was broken I think during the shipping process ....
"good machine, but instructions are not very clear.  But once you get over any problems , it runs quite nice"
"I was very pleased with this product at first... that is until last night.  After changing a broken needle, I found that the upper thread will no longer catch the bobbin thread.  In researching further, it seems that the timing somehow got messed up when the needle broke.  The local repair shop wants over $100 to open up the machine and the charges could go up from there.  Given the cost of the machine, it is not worth it.  I talked to a manager at a store that carries this machine only to find out that they have been advising customers against the 4411 Model because of the frequency in which people are experiencing the same issue.  She said no less that 8 machines have been returned in the last few months.  I wish I had known before purchasing this machine."
I needed a heavy duty machine for my boat shop.  I do occasional repair on canvas. Killed my last machine and this is the replacement.. works great.. have made it through 7 layers of canvas
We received this on time and it was a great buy. It is very heavy duty sewing machine. I bought it for my daughter who makes clothing and costumes and it has been a good choice. She really likes it.
cause about a couple year ago i had a machine with the same name brand n it broke i could send to fix because it would cost me alot so i desire to get a new one. I would let my family n friend about this company. thank so much i never taugth i would get this fast thank again.
SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless... SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine with Metal Frame and Stainless...
I bought this machine for my wife as an early Christmas present. She loved it! She likes the convenience of the drop in bobbin. She also loves how quiet this machine is even though it has a heavy duty motor.
I had movers break my sewing machine and wanted a simple replacement with not too many bells and whistles. This one is very good for that purpose. It is noisy but for the price it seems reasonable. I don't regret the purchase.
This machine was just what I wanted and it worked quiet well.  I look forward to using it in my crafts.
I got this item fast...I am still learning how to use it yet...Every sewing machine seems to be a bit different..So far it works great..
"First-good looking product.  Then comes the preformance!  Easy instructions, easy to thread, and the finished piece is of excellent quality.  Did I mention easy to use!"
"I got one for my wife,and one for my daughter. They do a lot of sewing together and this is a great sewing machine. They both are very happy with them."
"I have always owned a Singer sewing machine since I was 16.  At first I was not sure this machine would be what I needed. But I am very happy with it. It does exactly what I need.  I am not a professional but I like to sew for my grand children. The only thing I would suggest is,  I would like singer to go back to using metal instead of plastic in a basic machine."
"It is very frustrating to have a good machine that needs repairs. It will run you nearly $100 to have a person just look at your machine and that doesn't include repairs or parts. I opted for buying this so I can sew again, I am still mulling over repairing my good machine. I've never had a drop loading bobbin but I was always frustrated with the front loading ones, so I like this better. This is not a $500 machine but it also runs and works well... so, I give it 5 stars, I need to sew. I'd rather spend money on the fabric not another  machine!"
"I bought this machine to replace the sewing machine I bought in the early 1970's.  Interesting that not that much has changed.  Once I figured out how to thread the bobbin, worked great.  I did notice how much quieter this new machine is.  Looking forward to using it more."
Upon using this item for the first time the engine siezed and froze. I havd just been recovering froma lengthy illness and started working on a Christmas present. Since it was not used as soon as it was purchased I will not be able to retun it. Do not buy this item.
"It is small and easy to use sewing machine. For the price a great value. I just wanted a simple machine, doing the small jobs and I found it."
"I am very happy with the heavy duty machine. I can push heavy material. around it and it doesn't budge. Definately good one for the value. I am not very experienced but am getting practice in without programming a
 system. Wanted a hobby without computers involved and the work  looks good so thumbs up Singer."
Its bobbin winding is a little unusual from other machines I've used.  The bobbin assembly (where you put the bobbin to sew with) kept popping out of place an jamming everything.  The plastic case was just thrown together with pieces screwed on cockeyed.  It maybe a good machine but was NOT put together right.
I bought my Singer 4411 sewing machine six months ago and have made 1 item.  The machine was sewing wonderfully and then half way through a fleece jacket and the machine stops sewing!  The arm will not turn at all in either direction! Any idea what causes this and is there a realistic way to fix it without a service call?  So I contact Singer or Amazon for recommendations for repair?
"I'll preface this by saying my issue is with Singer and not Amazon. Amazon did everything we could've asked for-quick shipping, quick return procedure, etc. I've been sewing for 15+ years, various models of machines, mostly patchwork projects.

This machine should not be named ""heavy duty"". I picked it to replace a 7+ year old Brother XL-2600 that had finally given up. A mostly plastic machine lasting 7+ years-so a metal chassis machine from a very well-known company should perform better, right?

Much like the other 1 star reviews on here, both (yes, *2* machines with the same issue) had the thread nests on the bottom of the seams. The first machine worked well for about 2 hours, then I heard little ""hiccups"" with every seam. These ""hiccups"" left little bubbles of thread, 2-4 stitches long, on the bottom. I'd reset the bobbin, go again-get the hiccups. This should've been a warning the machine wasn't aligned properly.

Around hour 6 of sewing time, the hiccups continued, but every 4th or 5th seam, i'd have a small rat's nest of thread to clear out. I'd rethread the machine, redo the bobbin-it repeated. I called the ""local"" authorized repair shop (30+ miles away)-he asked if the machine was refurbished or brand new (I didn't mention where I purchased it), and said it sounded like the timing was off and that it's an easy fix-but it would be 7-10 days before they could even take the machine to fix. Being brand new, he suggested returning it to the shop.

Called Amazon, set up a replacement machine to be shipped. Because the account is a Prime and I paid for Saturday shipping (the first machine was ordered on a Thursday), they were able to get the replacement to me the next day.

New machine-pull it out, set it up, grab the quilting cottons I was working on...ONE SEAM. One 6"" seam caused a rat's nest. Rethread everything (I know there were a lot of comments about the last parts of the upper threading being difficult-I had no issues with them. This wasn't a threading issue.)a TWO inch seam had a rat's nest. Immediately called Amazon to refund the money & send a label for a return. All of two minutes' work on the new machine.

Are there pluses to this machine? Sure. The bobbins are HUGE compared to my previous Brother and other machines-lots of thread, which would be awesome for quilting. Quick to set up. Reasonably quiet. That's it.

So now I'm waiting to receive my refund from Amazon so I can look locally for a machine. I don't fault Amazon for this disaster, but this is definitely making me shy away from purchasing machines online."
"This machine was exactly as described and arrived in perfect condition.  I used it vending at an event this past week by sewing patches on vests and jackets (mostly leather).  It produced $1200.00 in revenue, which was 10 times its cost.  Thank you.  Pauline Rowell"
I am very pleased with this machine.  It is easy to thread and sews great on both thin and thick fabric.  Runs smoothly and has some nice features.  Bought for my daughter and considering buying for myself to replace my 40 year old machine.
"First, I am finally happy with this machine.  It's a very plain-vanilla sewing machine that does everything I need.  My requirements are not ""heavy duty"", and I guess I am somewhat skeptical of the name, but I haven't tried anything this machine couldn't handle.

HOWEVER-- Save yourself pain by finding out what countless reviewers mean when they talk about the last step to threading this machine, just before the thread goes through the needle.  As an experienced seamstress I glossed over that part, sure that it would be obvious.  1) It's not and 2) Getting it wrong WILL mess up your tension and cause nasty thread balls in the bobbin feed.  So, in the interest of communal goodwill, here is the PDF of the manual:

http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91QxF0JsQES.pdf

Turn to page 23 of the PDF (page 16 in the manual) and study picture #7.  What you need to do will be obvious in the picture, and you will wonder what all the fuss is about.  Just trust me-- you don't want to know!

With that not-so-small caveat, it's a fine machine-- enjoy!"
"This sewing machine is the best thing I could have asked for being a new sewer. I took home ec back in the Stone Ages, but I haven't used a machine in a very long time. Loading a bobbin was beyond easy! No more unlocking the hand wheel on the side. When you click the bobbin loader into place, it automatically disengages the needle. Wow. How long has this been going on? The bobbin is clear, but even better, the plate over the bobbin is clear so you can see how much there is left on the spool! No more surprises of running out of bobbin thread. The thread cutter is on the side, which is a little awkward, but not enough to give a bad review. I suppose it's just from old hands using the cutter on the back of the machine. There's a handle on the top of the machine, so carrying it is easy. Even threading it is easy. I did find that it came unthreaded several times while sewing, but with it that easy to thread, who cares?!? I sewed a rag quilt, so I had four layers of fabric, two were flannel. The sound changed when it went across the seams (which is even more than 4 layers) but it sewed like a champ. I did have to change the needle by the end of the project, but I can imagine that is common now adays.

If you are a professional seamstress, I would say keep looking because you will probably wear this one out and you can afford a better machine.

If you are a hobby sewer and need something on a budget, you will be happy with this one."
"I purchased this machine to sew up some draperies for my daughter. It is simple to use and does an excellent job for this type of project. I don't think it would be a good machine for very heavy duty projects, but for the kinds of things I do, it is more than adequate. I would recommend this machine to beginner sewers or sewers who work on simple or straight sewing projects."
"i bought it for my mom. had to do little sewing for myself before i give it to her. im complete starter when come to sewing. i liked it, took a while to get used to speed sensitivity , but got my job done. it was jamming a little bit, don't know if machine is to blame when you sew for the first time in your life. i'd buy one for myself."
"This is 1/3 or less the cost of the others I tried and works better.  Replace the needle when you get it to accommodate whatever your sewing, and please stop complaining this machine doesn't sew the material your trying without replacing the needle to the proper size, and switching your thread too.  Also I'd suggest industrial polyester thread, not the home stuff, I broke a lot of thread with this machine before discovering that, now it works beautifully.  I am thoroughly impressed and sew on it every day."
"I just purchased the Singer Heavy Duty Sewing Machine from Amazon. Shipping was fast didn't have to wait, it sews great, not to fancy, sews your basic stitches and the name Heavy Duty, that it is.  Works great on jeans and even some leathers.  Thank you Amazon and Singer"
"This sewing machine is so easy to use! I made drapery for four of my rooms and was surprised how it handles various types of fabric. It wirked great on silk , but was heavy enough for sewing thick drapery fabric. I love this machine! My grandmother had a Singer machine years ago when I was a little girl, and she loved it, often making First Communion, graduation and wedding dresses for the neighbors' girls. That machine lasted forever, and now I see why!"
"I've owned several sewing machines through the years.  I had two sewing machines at the time I got this one, and after getting this one, I got rid of my other two, and now just use this one.  The other two that I got rid of included a very expensive Viking/Husqvarna and another Singer that was over 30 years old.  This machine sews extremely fast,  and is easy to operate.  It has all the features that I was looking for in a machine.  It's a great machine for the money."
This is the worst piece of crap I have bought ever.  It was out of time fresh out of the box so I sent it to the warenty center in Nampa Id and the fellow there fixed it for me and sent it back promtly.  It worked just fine on light fabric but it was no good at all for heavy fabric.  It just broke down on me so I trashed it.  The only good thing I can say is the warrenty center in Nampa did what they could.  This machine is not heavy duty at all.
"I bought this machine 2-3 years ago, I was tired of breaking my embroyder machine.  I use is almost daily and other than having problems with the feed dogs getting stuckin the down position initially,(I have pulled it apart and fixed it myself)it has been a reliable machine.  I sew all kinds of materials on it and other than being a little loud it has held up well.  It comes with a nice assortment of feet to do all the basic sewing plus.  I would purchase another if and when this one gives out.  I have recommended it to friends."
I'm very happy with my Singer 4411 Heavy Duty. I have been able to sew easily through several layers of demin  or any other fabric that I have been working with.
"My opinion is that this machine is not worth the full price. I was sucked in by HSN and it worked great the first two months of frequent use. By frequent I mean approximately 2 hrs a day, 3-5 times a week, conservatively. Then one day, it would only sew backwards.

The main reason I decided to buy this singer is because it was touted to be the first home machine in 150 years to have a commercial warranty. I incorrectly assumed it would not need to be serviced so quickly. The next problem was that to benefit from the 90 day free of defects warranty, I had to send it away to be serviced. I initially emailed singer and got a long email that basically told me to check my thread tension and to make sure the bobbin winder wasn't engaged. Excuse me??

Someone told me a local sew and vac shop would service it under warranty so I took it in because I was loathed to have to box it up and ship it off. They didn't do warranty work but took pity on me and fixed it for half price. The kind gentleman could tell right away that the stitch selector was the likely culprit and that involved taking the whole casing apart.

It sews fine now but in the mean time I've purchased a lovely Baby Lock. This singer will be used only for things like messy fleece...or as HSN demonstrated, if I get a hankerin' to sew lead. It's not a horrible machine but I wouldn't be so bitter if I had only paid half price."
"My wife purchased the Singer after giving up trying to make drapes (thick material) on a Brother sewing machine. The Singer is like a breath of fresh air to her. She is not complaining like she did with the Brother and says that it is just what she needs. She rarely uses all the special stitches and the like. She is very pleased with it and I have heard her recommend the machine to others. Way to go, Singer."
"I used this product for normal stitching maybe 3 times. The top thread started getting stuck in the bobbin compartment, followed by the needle clamp being broken. I would not recommend this product to anyone."
"This is not a heavy duty machine plain and simple.  More like a little Ford Ranger dress up like a Ford HD. Same drive train as the Ranger with the HD body on it. Now, I admit I am a novice at sewing, you know just the odds and ends projects and an occasional mend and patches. Here's the deal - The first machine I had for less that 1hr and took it back!  Jumped timing simply sewing a fly rod case. And when the 2nd machine jumped timing I took to get it repaired.  Hmm, maybe its something I'm doing wrong?  A week later I got it back.  I was on my second fleece beanie when bam!  Jumped timing again.  Its fleece for gods sake!  OK,  I know its through double seams but that's why I wanted Heavy duty!!!!!!!!!  Thanks to YouTube I took a lesson in sewing machine repair 101 and learned how to fix it myself.  Trust me if you use this machine you better be mechanically inclined and be able to use YouTube cuz its going to jump time I guarantee it. And unless you want to wait a week for the machine to get repaired each time it jumps time you'll need to school up one some sewing machine timing repair 101.  Its not a bad machine don't get me wrong for Suzy pillow maker - But as for me NO.  I surely believe calling it Heavy duty is very misleading.. well,  Misleading may be an understatement - False advertising seem more appropriate."
I really have not used it enough to give it a fair review.  I can say it has performed very well and done everything I have asked it to do.  I can see I have more to learn to get the maximum benefit.  I feel like I got good value for my money with this purchase.
"I just started using this machine after ordering it a few months ago.  A few days ago was the first time I put thread on it.  It was then that I noticed that the machine was missing the part to hold the spool on.  After 2 phone calls (which I waited on hold for several minutes and still had 15 callers ahead of me and then hung up) and two e-mails to customer service, I still haven't received any contact back from the company.  So it looks like their customer service stinks!"
I love this sewing machine. I am new at sewing and this machine is very easy to use.  Great sewing machine!
"I purchased the Singer 4411 to replace a Commercial Singer 921D because that one made too much noise from the industrial motor and I only used it for jeans alterations. So far its working well, I only need to change the needles for different types of fabric. I would appreciate if someone could let me know where do you oil, or whether or not the machine requires any, because I haven't noticed anything about oiling in the manual."
"I received the machine as a gift for Christmas...didn't have a chance to use until about a week ago.  To my disappointment, when I tried to wind the bobbin, it only sounded as the motor was turning.  Of course, I discovered this on a Sunday, so I was not able to contact Singer via phone...therefore, I tried to email Singer to see what they recommended.  While I waited for a response from the company, I posted my frustrations on Facebook.  Thanks to a friend, I was sent a link of reviews and found several with the same issue.  Long story short, I was able to take the cover off and discovered that a belt was off, and once I got it back on, the machine worked beautifully.

I would rate the machine higher, but as stated in previous reviews, the machine should have come out of the box in perfect working order.  Also, I think Singer's customer service is a bit lacking...I received an email back from them 5 days after I had sent mine.  The basic gist of their email was that there was nothing they could do since the machine was no longer under warranty.  While I understand that the machine was no longer under warranty, you would think that they would have some suggestions to try.  Definetely not the company they used to be."
"Been scratching my head for quite a spell trying to figure what sewing machine to buy. You hear this is best, no this is best, no mine is the best. Get to where you want to run and hide, lol. Well I'm a loyal kinda fellow and what was good for my MOMMA is good enough for me. Bought this Singer 4411 and let me tell ya, it's a dandy. Goes nice and slow when I need it to an hauls butt when I get tha nerve to getty up go. Only thing I can add is that you most likely will want added light. Which is truely minor considering that this is a great little work horse. I'm extremely happy I chose this Singer 4411. Also, I might add I got a great deal and service from Amazon, my favorite place to shop.."
"I needed a heavy duty, low maintenance sewing machine and after doing a lot of research I decided to buy a SINGER 4411 Heavy Duty Sewing Machine. After sewing several projects using various types of materials, I would recommend this machine to anyone.....especially if you want a straight forward, heavy duty, hassle free sewing machine. It is very easy to operate and threading this machine is fast and convenient. Winding the bobbin, inserting it into machine and picking up the thread is also very simple and fast. Sewing with this machine is a dream, it's smooth steady sewing motion and fast speed make any project a pleasure.

Happy sewing!
Batnuni Bandit's wife."
Can only say that this item is slick as silk and works incredibly well for me.  So glad I upgraded.  Very easy to work and maintain.  So glad I purchased this machine.
"The sewing machine is fantastic. I am sewing fabrics for upholstery and it works really great. Furthermore, it arrives earlier than I thought. Very recommendable"
"I read several reviews on several different sewing machines before I chose this one. I just wanted a reliable machine to do basic sewing, and that is exactly what I got. I am very pleased with this machine and the price was great."
"this is a piece of junk....after a couple of weeks the mechanism quit working and would not sew. there is no way to reset the clutch if there is one !!! i cant find any help on singer site either.
i contacted the seller and i would have to pay to ship it back..thats a load of crap !!!!"
This machine didn't even work right out of the box. I discovered that the timing was off and decided that it was easier to fix myself than hassle with returns. I should have returned it because other things have continuously gone wrong with it. I use the heaviest needles singer makes and they still break. My old cheap Brother that this was supposed to replace works better and sews through heavier material. The best thing about it is that it is easy to set up and use.
Wife says could not be happier .... excellent product...works perfectly.  Item reasonably priced and shipped very quickly..would not hesitate to recommend.
"The machine arrived on time and is running great. Nice simple machine, teaching the kids (9-18) to use it. Have not had any problems with it so far."
I bought this for my mother who sews ALOT and has been through many sewing machines. So I trust her opinion. She LOVES it! She doesn't use the embroidery features so I didn't choose this machine based on that. I knew she wanted a work horse and that is what she got.
I like the Singer 4411.  It seems to handle heavier material.  I was disappointed it didn't have a threading device.  I did have a a struggle getting the needle threaded.  All else fine for beginning or intermediate sewer.
"So far this machine has been great.  It did start making a noise after a month of use, but nothing seems to be wrong.  I have sewn threw 3 layers of solid non streach denim and have not had any problems.  I wish this machine was compatible with more presser feet i.e ruffleer, over edge, rolling hem."
"I've had this machine for less than a year and have used it only a few times and already it needs to be repaired... not just lubricated or adjusted. Repaired! I can't believe it.

I'm an experienced sewer and can figure things out quickly from directions, so I didn't have any problems threading the machine or winding the bobbin at first. Now the 90-day warranty has expired, the bobbin won't wind. The machine runs, but the bobbin post won't turn. A gear or a belt inside isn't working and it must be repaired. Singer customer service confirmed I'm on my own to get it fixed.

I strongly advise anyone who purchases a Singer product to check the list of approved service and retail centers to see how long a drive you have to get it fixed! There's nothing within 30 miles.

Singers used to be really good. That reputation is why I bought this one. In fact, I've got my mother's Singer sewing machine from the 1950s that STILL WORKS. It only does a straight stich, but I'm hanging on to it!"
this was exactly what i was wanting i was tired of using my mothers machine witch i had learned on this one is faster and has really great basic stitches.
"What an awesome little machine.

I had never sewn anything by machine when I took it out of the box. Fast forward to 2 months later, I've made pillows, reupholstered a glider, made cushions, made valances for the windows, made a crib skirt, crib sheets, swaddling blankets, a peanut shell sling, a stretch wrap and I've just completed my first quilt.

Yep, that machine can free motion quilt! I've read that it's usually a pretty good test of the toughness of your machine as it takes its toll on the motor. The generic low-shank darning foot was about 12$ at my local sewing shop and the Singer 4411 quilted through a 45x60 with relative ease. I had to stop a few times and readjust (readjusting tension, cleaning bobbin case, etc.), but that's me being inexperienced more than anything else.

A few times I was worried that I was taxing it too much, but it never heated up and never faltered.

Some notes for newbies like me :

- The upper thread tension works best at 5 for straight stitches and 4.5 for zigzags. For free motion quilting, I had to go down to 3.

- Threading is very easy... once you've figured it out. I went with another reviewer's how-to on this page and had much better results than following the manual.

- It is a rather noisy machine, I guess that's the downfall of getting a powerful motor for such a low price. It didn't bother me, but it might bother some.

So, for 120$ - shipped and tax-free - I got a machine capable of creating home decor, garments, reupholstering AND free-motion quilting. I don't know if there's a better deal out there, but this one was good enough for me!"
"Well, the machine showed up, with no signs of box damage or abuse.

Right out of the box the machine looked like quality but...upon plugging it in the and engaging the foot pedal, the machine is clearly not in working order.  The motor is turning but it's not engaged to anything.  The bobbin won't even wind.  Nothing mechanical will works with the motor.  It's probably a simple repair, but I don't want to void the warranty by opening up the machine to try and fix it myself.

So now I have to deal with the hassles of hoping singer stands by their machine and sends a replacement when we return this one.  Ugh.

Depending on how Singer handles this, I'll consider an updated rating and review.

--------------------------------
UPDATE:
After waiting over 25 minutes to speak to a customer representative at Singer, we were instructed to ship the machine (at our cost) to a Singer warranty center.  They would make repairs on the machine and ship it back, with no promise as to how long it would take.  They made it clear that they would repair the machine, not send a replacement that actually worked.  I do not want a repaired machine that I have to pay extra shipping for.  A name like Singer should stand behind their name and give me a new machine at their cost.  Singer disappointed with both product and customer service.  I'll never buy another machine from them again."
"I just got this machine, which is my first new machine, even though I have been sewing for 20+ years. I inheirited an ancient Montgomery Ward single-stitch machine that worked its way down through my family. There was a mishap with it being dropped and I didn't repair it, because I was just over it. I finally treated myself to this machine, and I am glad I did. It is fairly basic, but that makes it easy to understand. As a novice, I don't need many complicated functions, just a machine that works well and is heavy-duty enough to handle some beginning quilting. I am on my 3rd project (did 2 throw pillows and now making a baby quilt) and so far, I love it. I am not noticing the problems I have been reading about in other reviews. The hassle with threading, which was touched upon twice that I saw, isn't really that hard. It is clearly illustrated in the book and just takes some getting used to. I do know that the needle doesn't become unthreaded easily like on my old machine, probably because it is held in place more securely. I have played with the various stitches and with the buttonholer, and I am satisfied with it. Inserting and threading the bobbin is a breeze, and the bobbin cover is clear plastic, so you can easily see when you are getting low on thread. It has handled multi-layers okay, but did struggle with the rubber-backed terry cloth pillow case I altered. It got hung up on the rubber and puckered a bit. I have since ordered a walking foot from eBay, which will take care of that problem in the future.

Bottom line: I was very unspoiled because I was used to my old machine, and maybe that has some bearing on my review, but I love my little Singer. I recommend it to anyone who does basic sewing."
"Very nice sewing machine for the price. When Fedex delivered the sewing machine we opened the box and looked at everything included with the machine and also read the operators manual. Then we set up the machine to sew, at first the motor was turning but nothing else was working. We started looking through trouble shooting and there was nothing said about an issue like this. We then tried to call the customer support line and their hours are monday thru friday, so being that its Sat then we couldn't get any help. After looking over everything i decided that it could have been something simple like the belt so i started looking at how to get to it which was really easy to do. What i found was that the belt was off the top pulley. After taking the back cover off found that it was easy to put the belt back on. Once the belt was on the machine performed like it should have and works for what i need it for which is quilting. I gave it 3 out of 5 stars due to the fact that i think that it could have came from the singer company this way. I know these machines are assembled on a line so this could have just been over looked before selling. Good Quality Control could have avoided this. One good thing is that machine is great, easy to operate and very easy to take apart if and when the belt needs to be replaced."
"I say that because both are trusted brands that I've used repeatedly and they've never let me down. This is not a fancy, 'do everything' machine but it does exactly what I need it to do. Even though the outer case is plastic and it, thankfully doesn't weigh as much as the old machines, it still has a good sturdiness to it since the insides are all metal.

One of the features I made sure to look for was the broad base and it's actually even broader than I thought it would be. I had used a machine for a short time that had a very narrow base and the fabric was constantly slipping off of it making it hard to control turns or any kind of stitch including a straight stitch. This one is working well.

The other reviews mentioned the threading and bobbin being a bit of a problem and I guess because I expected to be aware of those few extra placements, I've had no problem. My focus was to get the best machine I could for the price and I feel like I accomplished that goal."
This sewing machine is just as advertised. It is heavy duty and well built. So far so good. I have used the machine already and every thing works great so far. Even with my big and clumsy hands I can get to every thing.
"This machine can sew through multiple layers of fabric, but be sure to use the right sewing needle for the job.  I've had Singer machines before, but a first-time user could be confused if they don't read the owner's manual and use the right needle.  There are more expensive machines out there that do more, but if you have a limited budget.....this machine will give you all (and more) that you've paid for. I've already sewn several garments with thick fabrics on this machine and am satisfied.  Do research on the kind of machine you want and if you decide on this model, it will give you good service."
I am in the process of making a wool trench for my husband and I've sewn through 4 layers of thick wool with no hiccups! My old singer would skip stitching and bind up with thicker fabrics but not this one! The only gripe I have is no auto buttonhole maker which I got spoiled having one on my old singer. This machine is quite basic but is perfect if you're looking for something heavy duty and not interested in all the fancy stitching and computerized bells and whistles.
"I love this machine, it glides through stitches like a hot knife through butter. The feeder teeth give good traction and move the material through the machine perfectly. Even jean material. I had a 25 year old Kenmore sewing machine before I bought this one. I had never tried a singer machine before. My mother who went to school for sewing, at the fashion institute of New York, says that Singer is an excellent brand. So I bought this one after reading a lot of Amazons reviews and talking to her. I used to have such a hard time taking up jean pants on my Kenmore. Whenever I would get to the seam on the jeans, I would have to turn the needle manually, while hold the presser foot in the furtherest up position. This machine went right over the jean seams like it was not even there. It didn't get stuck, it didn't slow down, it didn't even sound strained at all. It just plowed right through it, like a champ. Love it.

 I love the fact that it does not have one of those computer screens on it as well. Those are annoying.

This machine is easy to use, once you read the manual. I sat down and read the manual in about 45 minutes, from cover to cover. The manual has clear pictures and step by step instructions for threading the machine. Once I followed the instructions it was a piece of cake.

This machine also has the option to turn off the feeding teeth. Which is new. My last machine did not have that option and I could see that being a useful feature.

The thread spool sits on it side instead of upright which was new to me as well. One thing I had a momentarily problem with was, the spools thread holder slot on the top of the spool, caught the thread and then caused the thread to break mid sewing. If you encounter this problem turn the spool around and it solves the problem.

The machine uses standard bobbins so I am able to use all my bobbins from my old machine which was nice. However all of my pressure feet from my old machine do not fit on this model. The needle size on this machine is 90/14, if you were wondering what size you need for this model. The adjustment dials on the machine are solid and well made. I am very happy with my purchase and hope this machine will last me for years to come. I will tell everyone I know who sews about this great machine.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

I just received the following product question about the warranty on this model.

""How long is the warranty of this machine? And if this product need to be shipped to Australia, can I get the warranty in Australia then?""

Here is my answer.

I just pulled out the warranty info on this machine, to look at, so I can answer your questions. The paper work says that it has a 25 year Limited Warranty. It says that the Sewing machine head is covered for 25 year for manufacturing defects. It has a limited 2 year warranty on the Motors, light assembly, wiring, switches, speed control and electronic components. It has a 90 day warranty on adjustments, belts, rings , bulbs and attachments.

As for you second question, I do not know if Amazon or anyone else ships to Australia. You would have to go the website you wish to buy it from and try it. If they ship to your county, I would think they would allow the purchase to go through and block your purchase if they do not ship there.

Your third question, can you get the warranty in Australia? Yes and no. The warranty is a contract that is legal binding that says that they will replace or repair you machine for defects. But they do not cover damage to the product. So if you or someone else or something else damages the machine (ex. tree falls on it) it is not covered. These damages could be covered home owners insurance, so check your policy. More examples of things not covered are drink spills, throwing it into a lake or dropping it. I know this because I used to be a warranty specialist at IBM (And yes, sometimes people really do throw their things into a lake.) But if your sew machine is defective they have to fix it or replace it. Here in the US they have approved repair shops in all 50 states for singer machines. I do not know if you have one where you are located. If it needs repair, you would most likely have to pay to mail it back to the US or Canada for repairs. Since this machine is so heavy, it would most likely be a better deal for you to buy a new one, then send it for repairs.

If the machine is dead on arrival, send it back to Amazon, they are very good about returns and will refund you money with out much problems. Sorry I can't be more help about shipping practices, but I am just a person who bought the machine and used it. I do not work for Amazon. I do not work for anyone. I am a stay at home Mom."
"Very prompt shipping, came in a perfect condition, put my husband on the cloud nine(it was a Christmas present for him) :). I'd recommend!"
"I purchased this machine when I decided to reupholster a 30 year old three piece wicker furniture set.  This was my first attempt and first time using a sewing machine as well.  After a few hiccups and birds nests learning how to use the machine, I was off to the races.  I used heavy duty upholstery material that this machine, even at three/four layers of material thick just blistered through.  The variety of stitch adjustments, needle positions, and just the brute force of this machine made the job go much quicker than anticipated.  It turned out beautiful, professional looking, and I saved myself $1500.00 in labor costs(according to the quotes I got that made me decide to try it myself)  Thanks Singer!  I would most positively recommend this machine to anyone looking for a great heavy duty machine."
"Bought this for my wife for christmas, the first machine didn't work.  Amazon was very speedy on return and replacement. NOT HEAVY DUTY, but works pretty well and for the money didn't expect to really be heavy duty. Very NICE for family. Teaching my daughter to sew, it works well for that. Fairly simple to operate. Actually got a great price so no big complaints."
"I bought this machine in July of 2010 for home decor and miscellaneous sewing, but I also wanted something I could use primarily to make dog collars and leashes which means it has to go through two layers of nylon webbing with ribbon stitched onto the webbing.  The gal at the store put a piece of webbing in the machine and it went through the machine with great ease.  That sold me.  However, I've noticed that the machine is VERY sensitive to the thread I use.  If I am using something other than Coats & Clark Dual Duty thread the machine jams.  The bobbin thread wants to break or the spool doesn't turn properly on the spindle and the thread gets wrapped around the thread spindle, causing the machine to jam.  I also have trouble getting the needle to pass through double layers of nylon webbing at times.  I don't use extra thick nylon and the machine should have no problem going through this, but it seems to get quite temperamental.  The needle plate also now needs to be replaced because it is bent at the spot where the needle passes down through the plate and into the fabric and the thread catches on it.  How it got bent is beyond me.  I would think that the force used to push the needle down through the fabric isn't enough to put a dent in the metal needle plate cover.  I would expect the needle to snap off before it dents what is clearly a VERY heavy piece of metal.  It's possible it was bent from the beginning and I didn't notice it.  Regardless, it's a $12 part so not a big loss.

For regular fabric this machine is great.  However, I find that it's not quite the ""heavy duty"" machine it is represented to be.

UPDATE 2/12/12:  Since I wrote this review I've broken three more needles.  In addition, the machine jammed again today and the needle - once again - has bent the presser foot plate.  I'm completely frustrated and will be taking the machine in tomorrow to the center where it was purchased to have the repair person take a look at it.  If he or she can't figure out the problem I'll be trashing this one for another brand."
"I read through many of the reviews on here and while not convinced I know Amazon will take things back. I got the machine and like many with experience just hooked it up and tried to use it. Sure enough there were problems. I had to use the manual and try a few times before I got the thread set just right. I'm happy with my purchase and if your having doubts, though just remember to read the manual before blaming the machine. Also maybe ask someone else to try it. I am surprised about some of the negative feedback on here. Its actually a good machine ( so far )"
"Works great with heavy duty items like ski caps, jeans, etc."
"I am not a sewer, but do need a machine on occasion for crafts, repairs, easy sewing projects, etc. I also do a lot of denim recycling, so I need a heavy duty sewing machine. This  one is perfect. Yes, denim will still break needles eventually, but for the price, you can't beat this machine."
seems to a good value sewing machine.  like that it has its own cover with handle which makes it easy to move from where I store it to where I use it.
"hello, I just received my New singer 4411 Heavy Duty. It was a gift from my husband and have to say that it is wonderfull!!!! I am a beginner but I already used it and everything is great, very simple and easy to use."
Exactly what I was looking for and at a great price! Planning to reupholster an old sofa during the winter months.
"I am FORCED to rate one star, it doesn't even deserve the one star!  I have had nothing but trouble with the Model 4411 since getting it less than one month ago. It jams continually, even though there is no problems with the thread or the dogfeed. I have a blister on my thumb trying to keep it going. It is now making a weird noise around the turn wheel. HEAVY DUTY????  I was sewing a light-medium weight fabric.  I have submitted my request to Amazon for pickup of the machine and full refund.  I have NEVER had a sewing machine that gave me trouble until now.  This is a horrible product ..."
This was a great buy. My son had a leather vest that he had to put patches on. The last product was not a heavy duty sewing machine. it broke in the middle of the job. The new machine just ran like butter. When he took his vest to his club the other members had him sew theirs on too! He bought his wife one so she is now a happy seamstress.
"I can hear a very loud screechy sound. Compared to my old singer, this one is less than perfect. I dropped some singer oil inside but no relief. Something's rubbing against something. Exhausted, I had to return the product."
"Very easy to thread - until trying to thread the needle - have a difficult time trying to get my hand scrunched down where it needs to be to hold the thread -
They took shortcuts on quality to save money - a screw is less expensive to use than hinges on the end of the machine that opens to change the light bulb - it really does need to just swing open. The light socket is ludicrous.
It is heavy duty - the first thing I used it for was patching jeans - it sewed through the double folded seams easily - The free arm is not exactly free - there is only about an inch of space on the bottom making it very difficult to scrunch Jean legs on it far enough to get to the hole that needed patching and difficult to turn once they were on -
It is very easy to hit the level that releases the sewing foot when reaching for the lever to raise the foot - it is easy to put the foot back on but irritating none the less. The accessories are beyond cheap - Singer should be ashamed having them with their product.
All the negatives considered - it is a decent machine for the price.  If I were to be granted a do-over I would check out other free arm machines before making the purchase.  The machine will suffice for the reasons it was purchased - mending and very simple sewing."
"I purchased this product because it  came at a decent price point and had some decent reviews. I wasn't planning on doing any heaving work on it, just the occasional mending.  The very first time I attempted to use it, all the workings in the bobbin case managed to slip free and caused the timing to be completely off.  I got several quotes for repair from local repair shops and each one was basically the cost of the machine.  One store owner then explained to me that the Singer company had basically been licensing their name to anyone who had the money.  Guess these aren't the Singer machines I grew up watching my mother use."
"I bought this machine solely on the recommendation written by S. Eaton. I discounted one of the two one star ratings, as it was from someone who had never sewn before. I am still concerned about the reports that this machine quit working for several people after only a month or two of use. I purchased it from an Amazon partner, a  '40 years in business', family sewing store in California (I'm a first time customer). They have a toll free number for their sewing consultants. The store, Sewing Machine Plus in San Marcos, encourages customers to call them for any reason related to their machine.

My previous sewing experience was 3 semesters of sewing classes in public school during the 1960's. During the 1970's and 1980's, I sewed the basic stuff for myself (dresses), younger kids, and household items, like simple curtains and bedspreads. I quit sewing sometime towards the end of the 1980's, only using my current machine for 'repair' jobs since then.

My one and only sewing machine is my late Grandma's 'new' Singer, a 1950 model, which I inherited in about 1972.  Although it still works like a gem, I have been a bit nervous about its 60 year old wiring. In the past I've used several models of Singer, Elna, Necchi, and a White-Westinghouse that just loved to literally 'eat' material, especially if you had to make a bridesmaid dress. When I saw this one advertized at a local store on sale for $149, down from $199, I decided to do some internet research. The result was this model delivered to my house for $129.

I had no trouble setting up the Singer Model  4411, reading the directions, winding the bobbin, etc. I paid attention to look for the last thread guide, as S. Eaton mentioned, but I have something similar on my old 1950 machine, so I probably would have realized the thread went there, even without her caution, which was still great to have, btw.  My only 'mishap' so far, if you can call it that, was detaching the presser foot, when I meant to lift it for the first time. This was due to the lifter for the presser foot being lower down on my old 1950 machine, and the presser foot on the old one being attached by a screw, not a lever. Anyway, it only took a few seconds to realize what happened and to rectify the situation.  I simply lowered the presser foot lever to reattach the presser foot.

After threading, it worked beautifully on my first attempt at sewing, which was repairing some ripped heavy duty, denim jeans. I'd been thinking about getting a new machine for several years, and had even done some internet research on some simple models.

I am used to my old, heavy weight machine and its attachments, so the 'plastic' aspect of this one is different, but should be easy to get used to.  I have also never sewn on a machine with more than one stitch type.  I haven't experimented with different stitches, yet, but the 'dial' for changing stitches doesn't seem as 'intimidating' as some of the controls that I've seen on some of my relatives more expensive machines.  It appears that this machine will suit my purpose of clothing repair, and perhaps some light sewing of pillow shams, and duvet covers, etc.  If you are 'old' like me, and used to using the older, simpler machines, you shouldn't have any trouble at all using this model. Also, if you decide to purchase this model, please be sure to read the review by S. Eaton ""Higher Educator"". It has some great information in it for using this one, especially for the less experienced sewers."
I purchased this sewing machine for my mother.  Her old Viking machine finally died after 30 years of service.  She likes the heavy duty qualities of this machine and has already used it to take up a pair a blue jeans.
"We were looking for a decent sewing machine for sewing quilts and our current machine just couldn't handle the multiple thicknesses. We got this to handle the thick stuff based upon multiple reviews citing its ability to handle layers of fabric without complaint. For a very reasonable price, this machine is outstanding at sewing layers of fabric. It isn't real fancy, but it gets the job done easily and without issue. We highly recommend this machine for its price!"
"My husband bought me this machine in December 2010, it is now August 2011 and I have my machine in the shop, because it jumped out of time.  I didn't even sew much for the first 3 months I had machine.  This machine is no where near heavy duty, just sewing over a seam of two pieces of fabric, makes the machine drag.  I would never suggest purchasing this machine!!"
"I must say that I don't like sewing and bought this machine only because it was cheaper than taking pants to be hemmed: at $15 per hemming this machine quickly paid for itself. My previous sewing machine, bough for the same purpose, was a$20 contraption that could barely work and broke down in 3 months.
After some research it appeared that this could have been a good choice, and it was. These are the reasons:

- it's simple (as simple as a sewing machine can get) to use, also for someone with no experience, or passion, like me
- it has a removable arm
- it's easy to carry and it is not too heavy (it comes with a little flimsy cover)
- the pedal is sensitive, so the speed can be easily controlled
- it can be super fast
- it has several stitching types and I think it can even do buttons and other things I don't understand
- last, and most important, it goes like a breeze over multiple layers of canvas pants.  I did not even change the needle it came with to hem canvas pants. I did not do blue jeans yet but I am sure it will not be a problem, since some of the pants I hemmed were quite thick. The machine comes with a few extra needles, some of which are big.

So, I am very satisfied with this 4411 Singer and I never thought a sewing machine could be so cool."
"Just got the machine today, took the time to read all the directions. Put in fresh needle, everything set up. Ran a couple of sample passes to check stitch length. Worked great! Not sure yet on the ""heavy duty"" aspect, but I assume it'll be ok. I just do mostly straight stiching, like to do embroidery by hand. Just wanted to be able to do some heavier fabrics on occaision. The cheaper singer/brothers I looked into had lousy reviews. Only complaint so far- lousy lighting! Singer, pony up and get some LED on these things! I will have to get a lamp next to it, for evening sewing. In daylight, with overhead on and machine light, not much lighting... otherwise would have gotten 5 stars from me."
"This machine seems to be the perfect option for at-home sewing, and it's a great value. A few tailoring and repair jobs, and it pays for itself.

I searched for a ""heavy duty"" style because it seems like the heavy duty of today is as close as you'll get to the standard variety of the older, better machines (they don't make 'em like they used to). So far, I've worked with light leather, multiple layers of denim, and pretty bulky hems with no problem. This machine is quite tough - super hard plastic and metal - but still light and compact, easy to store and move around if you don't have a permanent sewing table. I would recommend a heavy duty machine over a standard one even if you aren't doing what you'd consider ""heavy duty"" projects - the average machines these days are just too cheaply made.

The instruction book has a few flaws, failing to be entirely clear on some pages, but it helps that the machine itself is labeled well, including numbered steps for threading the needle. The included accessories have been all I've needed for every project I've done so far - very nice to not have to buy extras.

All in all, I'm thrilled with this machine. Singer is a great brand to buy, too, because they have so many repair facilities nationwide if you do have problems or need maintenance. I would highly recommend this machine for everyday, at-home sewing."
I needed a heavy duty sewing machine that didn't cost me an arm and a leg.  I *love* this one.  Amazon's price was GREAT.  It's nice and light - I can carry it anywhere.  I really like how the bobbin winds.  I recommend this machine to all levels of seamstresses (is that still a word?)
Excellent product. I made a large quilted tote bag wiht it. That was my first project with this sewing machine hope to make many more .
"I am very pleased with this basic Singer 4411 heavy duty sewing machine.  It is simple to set up and run, and the knobs and controls are all similar to those of my last machine which I had for 35 years. I recommend this machine for all basic sewing needs."
I am pleased with the machine.  Sews great and will do small to large projects.  Well worth the money!
"I no longer sew much, so when my favorite old Viking quit after 30 years of service I wanted a pretty basic machine to take it's place.  This machine does the job, but the instructions leave a bit to be desired and threading the last step, which is NOT clear in the instruction book, is difficult for someone with arthritic hands and bifocals.  That last little hook is vaguely described and when I had trouble with the tension I was about to send it back when I found a review that told me what I was doing wrong.  Since then it's done it's job with minimum fuss, though I've learned to run samples of the current fabric through before I hit the real thing.  For the price, a nice machine.

One year later--in the middle of the first big project I'd tackled with this machine, it quit picking up the bobbin thread.  After checking the FAQ's on Singer's help page, I've come to the conclusion that the timing has become a bit off and it needs to go into the shop for repair.  I've probably used this machine for less than 30 hours in the past year and I'm expected to take it to my nearest authorized dealer for repair.  Nearest dealer is 110 miles from me.  It will cost me more than gas than it's worth.  So it's being replaced with a machine that I hope has a decent manual and a better track record.  I definitely did not get my money's worth out of it."
"I bought this little guy as a back up for my Singer Quantum 7350. I'm sew a lot of unusual fabrics and am more than a little hard on sewing machines. My daily sewing projects include costuming (vinyl, fur, etc); household uses (curtains, bedding); and formal wear. It never fails that when I'm approaching a deadline on a big project my sewing machine decides it needs to pay a visit to my friendly neighborhood sewing repair shop for a tuneup. It's about 10 years old now and if you saw what I put it through, you'd understand why. I've also dropped it twice.

I will admit, I don't actually expect this Singer to be a 'heavy-duty' machine. Not my definition of heavy-duty anyway. Not for this price. What I do expect is something that will be reliable, no frills, and hold up to my abuse. I think that's what I've got. It has only been three days and I have already made a monk's robe and caught up on my minor repair work. The needle had to be changed immediately. I don't know why, but sewing machines always seem to come with sub par, blunt needles. Once I had, it was humming along smoothly in minutes. It threads just like the other two Singers I've owned and sews a nice straight, tight stitch. It's also not as loud as some of the other reviews have said, but that may be just because I've always tended to go for the more basic, utilitarian models rather than fancy electronics and 100 stitch patterns that I'll never use and am used to a little noise when I sew.

All in all, I'm very pleased so far. I'll update this review if that changes! Happy sewing ladies and gents.

UPDATE (August 29th 2011): I might have to eat my words about this not really being 'heavy duty.' I sewed quite a bit of light to medium weight leather this past weekend and it didn't so much as hiccup. Bravo Singer!

(Be sure to use the right type of needles if you plan on doing this. Universal needles will not perform well with leather no matter how tough the machine. :))"
"I know that things aren't built like they used to be and people just don't take pride in their craftsmanship. This Singer sewing machine is Okay for the money but it does and doesn't do the things that I rate as important, but then I am only one voice. ie: the self winding bobbin thingy is a joke!"
"I bought the 4411, and it broke within the first hour of my sewing with it. Singer wanted me to drive it or send it at my expense to their service center 5 hours away. Luckily, the store I bought it from exchanged it for a new one, and it too broke soon after. I wrote two honest reviews on the Singer website, and neither were published.

Be aware that if you buy a Singer machine and it is a lemon, they will not stand behind their product."
"I had a singer machine that I purchased 28 yrs ago and something broke on it.  Recently I have begun quilting and made a t-shirt quilt, a quilted handbag and now the block of the month.  Since I had enough money in my amazon account I decided to purchase my machine here and I didn't hesitate to purchase another singer.

I have used this machine several times now and I love how easy it is to use and the quality of the machine"
"I do a lot of straight stitch sewing - quilts, costumes, etc. This machine is fast, reliable, sews over many layers of cloth and is very easy to use.  I have cut my work time in half easy.  I would recomend this to anyone who isn't looking for a fancy stitch machine."
"I have been using this sewing machine for about a month now and absolutely love it.  It is very easy to use and sews like a dream.  I sew a lot every day using heavy weight fabric and it works great.

I love that it has diagrammed on the machine how to thread it, that way you are for sure to thread it correctly the first time.

I have had no issues with this machine and would highly recommend it to a novice or pro sewer."
Mailed with regular mail.  Product was received in three days.  This machine is exactly what was advertised and half the price of machines in local stores and on line.
"This is my second sewing machine, first was a ""Brother"" which didn't last very long so I upgraded to a ""singer"" I was able to start sewing within five minutes upon opening the package! The instructions and illustrations are easy to follow, the motor is very quiet and there isn't any ""knocking"" or machine movement. I recommend this particular sewing machine for starters and intermediate users. I need to re-read about the tension and stitch length, other than that it's a ""winning"" (lol) purchase!!!!"
"I am new to sewing and purchased this machine for an upholstery class. I was able (with no sewing knowledge) to successfully use this machine. I have since, picked up several beginner sewing projects and completed them all on this machine. My upholstery instructor loved the machine an often commented on the quality of the machine. My mother who is an experienced tailor loved the machine also and speaks highly of its quality. Some reviews state that this is not the best machine for a beginner, but I love it. I do wonder about the plastic accessories...(bobbin and several of the feet that are included). It came with a zipper foot but I ended up purchasing a metal one to finish several projects. Overall I love this machine!!!"
"Bought this machine to do alot of mending and sewing but haven't been able to
get a handle on the tension. Makes all the stitches right but very loose. Nothing
in the manual handles this problem."
"I've been using it off and since receiving it on or about 2/2/11.  I purchased it mainly due to it's weight which is I believe is 13.5 lbs.  While it does handle several layers of (lightweight) fabric better than my previous machines, it does so laboriously and loudly. (Actually, the machine is noisier than others I've had.) The Handwheel is very hard to turn. The only other negative is that the presser foot is too lightweight and I've had to tape a piece of ""non-skid stuff"" on the bottom to keep it stabilized.

The good points are it's weight, instructions are well defined, and the accessory storage section is a plus."
"I am a self employed seamstress and I am very hard on machines, especially with hemming blue jeans and zippers in carhart coats and many other things.  One thing I was looking for was an affordable product that was heavy duty.  Singer is always a great brand and I watched videos on what this product can do, so I ordered it.  Much to my dismay, I found that it wasn't any different than any other machine.  Heavy Duty on this machine means nothing.  It does do some of the things that they say but it does not go through all the layers of material that it says.  Overall it is a fine machine, but it is not Heavy duty."
"So far no complaints, will update as time passes, but for now I have not heard my wife scream about a clogged bobbins, missed stitches or other failures that were so common with her 40 y/o machine."
"I bought a used Singer Fashion Mate years ago. It was a workhorse; I used it to fix my clothing and also sewed artwork with it. The controls and manual were easy and intuitive enough I was able to do whatever needed to be done with no training.
The years caught up with it and the only repair place around here (where I live) told me it would be cheaper to buy a new one than to have old faithful repaired.
Like many of you I could see what the problem was- very simple- but there were no replacement parts other than to find and buy an identical machine and raid the parts from it. I was shocked that even with CAD design no one had come up with after market repair parts to hawk on Amazon, eBay, etc.,.there's got to be a zillion of those machines out there...
Moving on with this, I was told by everyone- all of the lower end, new plastic housing sewing machines weren't very good. I know a lot of it has to do with the task you are trying to accomplish...so if all you ever do is darn torn items the lower end ones will probably get you by. I want to be able to sew canvas pieces together as well as other general items that will require a bit more firepower than what is needed to sew muslin together.
The 4411 and it's mate have ""heavy-duty"" embossed in the plastic though I think because of the price most of us can figure out for ourselves it is designed for the home market. I am still learning to use the machine- so far it has done everything I have asked it to do and hasn't struggled when I have asked it to hem bluejeans at the inner and outer stitch lines. So there is joy in using a new machine that is tuned and ready to rock.
I rated this machine 4 out of 5 stars because I suppose a five star machine would be more expensive and perform even better. This is off the top of my head so the model number might be incorrect but after purchasing this machine (4411) I would look at the step up (4423 ?)and look at the additional features which I believe is (just) a few extra decorative stitches(?). I figured when I purchased the 4411 I will pretty much do standard stuff- I am a guy that wants to be able to fabricate simple things. I am not a tailor or seamstress so those extra stitches would probably be lost on me other than to decorate a piece of cloth for entertainment."
"I have a Pfaff quilters machine that died and needs parts.  It is going to cost about double the cost of this machine to repair it.  So I figured what the heck.  I've been sewing since grade school in the 1960s and have used all sorts of machines.  I also worked at a fabric store for a number of years.  I have some advice for the beginner.  Various reviews of this machine complain about some problems I thought I'd speak to here.

This is a nice little machine.  Initially even I had trouble with it.  Discovered that the threading instruction picture in the instruction book is a bit tricky.  Don't forget to thread the little bracket that is above the needle.  It is step 7 in the book, but not obvious in the picture and not obvious on the machine.  The thread first goes through the fairly obvious metal holder in step six, then it needs to go in that little tiny bracket, a small piece of metal that is laying on top of the needle mount.  If you don't thread that, the thread will ball up underneath and mess up your sewing and lock up. I suggest stopping at a Joann Fabrics where they sell this machine and ask someone to show you if you can't find it.  that's what I ended up doing.

Also for the beginner, Singer machines in particular can also tangle the thread if you don't gently hold the ends at the beginning of a seam.  Sometimes, it will pull the thread down into the bobbin area and lock up.  This is solved simply by holding the ends for the first couple of stitches. Eventually, after you've had to rip out a few balled up seams, you remember.

I made a heavy vinyl pouch with it as my first project, and it handled the vinyl really well. The feeddogs struggled a bit with the weight of the fabric, pulling it out of line, so I had to put the weight of the fabric on a chair so it didn't pull.  Another tip for the beginner, always stop the machine with the needle in the fabric.  You do this by stopping and quickly turning the wheel to get that needle back in the fabric.

Another tip here to any new sewer. First take the original needle out of that machine and throw it away.  You have no idea what kind of shape it is in.  Open the packet of needles that are in the little door in the free arm and use a fresh needle.  Sharp needles are critical to any project. And they only stay sharp for a few projects at most.

When you are working with heavy fabric like vinyl or denim, you need to use a heavy duty needle, especially if you are going through four layers of denim.  Check them out at the fabric store.  Get the type of needle that matches your type of fabric.  If you are not sure, ask. And sew through the thick parts very slowly, sometimes you may need to manually insert the needle and pull it up to get through a lot of layers properly to get the machine going.  Take your time.

Knits need different needles, sometimes, a ballpoint needle that passes between fibers instead of splitting them as you sew.  Fine fabrics also need different needles and they must be very sharp.

Whenever the stitching balls up under your piece, it is likely because the top or bobbin is threaded wrong.  Make sure the thread is coming off the bobbin with the loose thread pointing to the left.  It can be a bad needle.  It can be a tension problem or a bad match between needle and fabric.  If the stitches seem really tight, the tension can be turned a half number either way and solve the problem, but only after you have ruled out the other problems. IT happens to the best of us so don't get discouraged.  Imagine me going into my old store to have them show me how to thread a machine.  : )

Beyond all that, I liked sewing with this machine.  it is relatively quiet, and does sew fast.  This will be great for doing piecing for quilts.  It isn't the quality of my Pfaff, which is all metal (the skin of this machine is plastic) and doesn't have a lot of fancy stitches, but it is a great value for what it does do and does execute well for all I've done so far.  And perfect for a beginner sewer, or someone who only needs a machine once in awhile to hem pants or take care of odd little projects or someone like me who was going through withdrawal when her machine dies and is going to take some time to get fixed."
"I am a first time user with the sewing machine and I admit not knowing much on how to use the machine. I do not find it very irritating that by doing sinple straight line sewings, lightwegith fabrics, nothing fancy, I had to continusouly rethread the machine. The thread is good quality thread that much I know...so I found no reason for the needle to keep getting stuck and messing up all the thread. Some belt that moves the needle has come off twice.. it's only been 3 weeks. I am very dissappointed. I waited over a month to get my machine to be overly dissapointed.
I mostly disspointed on how it has broken twice already and I wasn't doing anything out of normal, no heavy fabrics, mostly I like georgettes and light jersey. Not happy at all.. now I have to return and I need to find me a new one."
"I am a very inexperienced sewer however this Singer4411
made even me proficient in a very short time"
Works well
Love this machine. Easy to use and runs well.
This machine has never worked right from the day i took it out of the box. The stitches are sloppy and nothing makes them better.
"Solid machine, works perfect out of the box. Good directions but they need to be divided into.different languages instead of mixing together, makes more.difficult to find what you need. Directions.also need much larger pictures, almost too small to.see. great machine though at a good price, highest rated sewing machine under $200 and I see.why after I.used.it."
"I use this machine to sew up to 4 layers of 1000D nylon to make some sheaths with.  My old 80's vintage Singer would have a really tough time with the 4-layer stack, but this machine does fine.  It took me a while to find the hidden accessory tray in the base, but that's more operator error.  Threading is fine, tension is fine, stitch width, length all work good.  The machine sews much faster than I can handle, so I don't 'hammer down' on the pedal and it sews slow fine too.  I don't sew in a library, so I really can't speak to whether or not it is loud...seems to be the same as any other sewing machine that I've used...not loud, not whisper quiet.  Cranks through 4 layers of 1000D cordura with no issues...plus, compared to other models the $$$ is good too!"
"Works Great, Fast shipping"
"good quality product, easy to use."
"I bought this machine in 2015 and have not used it very often, mostly for clothing alterations or hemming pants/dresses.  I have been having nothing but problems for the past couple of weeks with a 'birds nest' in the bobbin casing. I have taken the machine apart and adjusted all of the tension points and it is still having the same issue.  I am now being told that I need to take the machine in to have it fixed.  There is probably less than 15 hours of use on this machine, this should not happen."
I wish i had never bought this machine!!!  It takes half an hour just to get the bobbin in place. It is a piece of junk.  Do not buy!
