No complaints. Love the variety of colors!
"These are the best gel pens I've used and I've bought several sets of other brands. You don't have to scratch on paper to get them started and they just guild on while coloring, The colors are all different, however several are similar. A little pricey, but for me, well worth it.
P.S. I did not get these pens for free or a reduced price for a review, guess I'm not one of the lucky ones"
Great product and great price
Great quality and quick shipping. I would definitely recommend to others.
I was going to send them back when I first received them because they were only about half full of ink on the pens.  After I put n the return I was looking at them better and decided to keep them. I love them now. Not having full ink is made up by the different colors that are really hard to find elswhere and there is a whole pack of sparkle pens and one of chrome too.  I have been using them and just love the different things I can do with them.  I would recommend trhem to all my friends and will be buying them again when these go dry.
Awesome
Very nice color
I use it for bible journaling and adult coloring books and I love them
I will be excited to give these as gifts for Christmas!
"Like the pens But...DO wish the individual pens were marked with just what they are; metallic sparkle etc. Yes the sparkle ones are easy to pick out the others not at all. Would love it if it were added.  Also the tips are very fine, it makes them difficult when filling in pics."
I've missed jelly pens over the last few decades. These are just as good as the ones I used to have and there's way more color options than my mom ever bought me. Kid me is super happy
Great product. Pens write very nice and the glitter ones are amazing! A few caps broke upon taking them off for the first time but other than that great product!
"I am a big fan of adult coloring and really wanted to find a good variety of gel pens to change up my coloring routine. These are wonderful, the only issue I have is that some of my colors seem to have a lot less ink in the pen than the others. So I will run out of certain colors far quicker than the rest. But overall the variety of colors is nice & the ink spreads well."
I love it! I use it for my adult coloring book to relax. There's a lot of colors to play around. I wish there's an option for refill and of course would cost less. Worth the price.
"Hello I'm a lover of gel pens. I would love to try your gel pens and will review honestly.
I'm so excited to try your brand.
Thank you"
The gel pens are wonderful
I love these pens. They  are fun and write very smoothly
A few of the pens were empty.
Are of good quality and versatile
"Came fast, kids love them"
Great pens! Good price
Exactly as pictured
The product arrived as described. I tested out each pen and they all flowed smoothly and without much effort. The colors were very nice and varied. Overall a great value for the price.
Lots of pretty colors to choose from. Very good gift for the process. Will be ordering some for my household.
"My kids LOVE this set... and I have to admit, I like it too.  So far the inks have lasted.  Would be a good gift for a casual or kid artist.  Great value."
Overall they were great pens. I bought them for coloring and they worked well.
Decent
"LOVED THE QUALITY OF THE PENS AND THE NUMEROUS COLORS, VERY EASY TO COLOR SMALL AREAS THAT CRAYONS CAN'T DO WITHOUT COLORING OVER THEFINE LINES."
3 of them dried out right away! I wouldn't recommend buying these!
Some of the colors were a bit dried out but with a little scribbling they will pull through just fine. Great price
Awesome pens! Great for coloring my new animal mandala book.
"Rips paper, choppy flow on some, not for serious artists, not recommended for glossy adult coloring books. These are for a pre teen or teen who wants a bunch of pretty looking pens but quality doesn't necessarily matter. My biggest gripe is that most of the pens are choppy in ink flow and that the head of the pen dries of ink flow then tears the paper. This has been noted several times in other reviews. I don't recommend this product for adults looking for a decent performing pen.
All but one of the pens worked but because of quality concerns, as stated above, I'll get very little use out of these."
"There are a few that did not work. Lots of duplicate colors,"
"Loved how many colors there are. Perfect to use with my adult coloring books. However, some of the pens don't write as smooth as the others. It seems like the ones with glitter stop working randomly and/or become streaky looking after minimal use. Overall, Im okay with the purchase since theres A LOT of colors to choose from which make up for the few defective ones."
Second time to purchase and they are still wonderful!
"Bought this as a gift for my nephews and they absolutely loved them! Lots of color variety and the gel pens write fairly well. Great for adult coloring books. Love that there is glitter pens, rainbow type pens, and metallic pens mixed in."
these pens are quite interesting and i'm very satisfied with my purchase great value too!
"I just started coloring recently.  I am so pleased with this set which has do many great colors!  I got it as a deal of the day and am so pleased with the price.  If  I continue to be happy with it, I am sure I will be ordering another set!"
Arrived damaged..
"I received this pen set yesterday and I was truly impressed by the color and pen type variety: glitter, metallic, neon, and what looks like black light reactive colors!  I've been coloring for about 4 or 5 hours now and I've found that while they still show ink inside the pen, some of them go a little dry and get hard to use temporarily.  Some of the pens almost spill the ink making fine details hard to color.  The grip is nothing special but my hands didn't get tired regardless.  I'll probably buy these again when they run dry for real, until I find a finer tipped pen with lots of colors like this has."
These are my favorite gel pens and I've used many!
My kids love these
"Some of these pens don't work, but since there are 120 colored pens it doesnt make a big difference."
All pens work great!! They color beautifully!! Such variety for great price..
My girlfriend loves to color in her free time and she has been super happy with these pens I got her!
Ive been disappointed in these. They write for a minute and then go dead. Very undependable and I cant figure out why. I wish I had sent them back right away.
"Love the colors, all beautiful and bold. The case is annoying to use if you let all of your pens fall out right away but if you keep it all organized from the start its alllllll lovely."
"Just got these,  looking forward to using,  but they're not fun to use.
Very cheaply made,  very light in the hand,  and the worst aspect is that most are dried out.
I've had other gels better than these."
Good
"These are a great complement to a great coloring book. I gifted them to my mom. Every time I go to see her, she is using them. If I flip through her book, the images are beautiful with a little shine."
Thank you!
"The ink didn't work in most of the pens. In the ones that did work, it didn't last!"
Nice gel pen set but if your going to do a lot of coloring this set is not for you get ones that can be refilled or at least ability to order refills.
like others i had at least 10 dry pens. i contacted shuttle art and they said they would send some other pens as compensation.  been two weeks and nothing. very disappointing.  the other pens work great.
I like the way they are laid out...
"These gel pens are exactly what I was looking for. Many different colors, good saturation with each stroke, and glitter to give just a little shine. These work great for adult coloring book designs."
"Ive bought several brands of gel pens, and I decided I like the ones with NO refills. Such a pain. These pens work great and the color selection is great."
Love the assortment of colors and they write very smoothly
"I've been trying to find some gel pens that didn't have repeat of the colors. These were perfect. There wasn't any repeated colors and the variety of shades is exactly what I wanted.

I am finding that with a some of the pens that I have to shake them down to get them to flow and sometimes I have to repeat this process after a little while of coloring with a pen, but that isn't anything new in my experience.

Would recommend!"
"These pens are cheap and come apart when you take the cap off. Further, the gel is too goopy. Does not leave desirable or attractive pen strokes."
I love the pens but hate the packaging they are in. Very flimsy and the snaps are not very good. I keep my various pens and markers in the cases they come in so the packaging might kill it for me to order these again. The pens I give 5 stars. what they are held in gets 2 1/2. I went with a 4 star review since the pens are the more important part.
"I like the variety of colors, especially the pack of glitter pens. My daughter and I use them all the time. My only complaint would be that the packaging the pens are in is kinda flimsy."
I love this set of pens. When I purchased this pen set I didn't realize I had already purchased this set a few months ago!! Now I have spares.
My kids love these!
Theyre hard to get started each time you use them even after the initial use of a color. The color empties fairly quick. The only thing I like is the variety of colors. Its not ideal for big projects or multiple people use.
My grands and I have had a great time with these pens. I highly recommend them.
"My heart is so happy with these pens! Glitter, matte, shiny, neon, it's all here."
They write well but the pens are half full
Great pens and variety
120 unique colors!!! Need I say more?
Love all the colors and it perfect for my adult coloring book.
"Purchased this set to do coloring projects with my 9 year old twins, and we were so excited when they arrived. Sorted by color into various cups/tins and we have had nothing but frustration with them. I've tried different types of paper and coloring books and journals... and they suck on all of them. Ink stops working after just a few strokes, or doesn't work at all even when scribbling to get the flow started. Does not make for an enjoyable experience and we have ended up throwing quite a few of them across the room. Ink does not flow out smoothly like other gel pens or ball points, and often feels like it's going to rip the paper.

I don't know if they changed the product by the time we ordered them, but I am blown away by how many positive reviews there are and the photos showing people's work. I couldn't even get mine to draw for more than 3 minutes.

Beware."
You get what you see
There are a lot but some don't work and they run out pretty quick. I love them for coloring in thin lines and smaller pictures. I would buy again though or for a friend.
Great for the $
"SOOOO MANY PENS! I got these a year ago and I am still using them. I color and write my school notes in these pens. Some of the colors are better than others, but a very nice selection!"
like the ease & color selection on these awesome pens!
Already wrote a review on these lol. They are amazing!
"Don't recommend. Most of them were dried up when I got them. Some I got to work for awile, some I never did get to work. I think the brand just sucks."
"Nice gel ink quality, although I did reduce one star under ""durability"" as I can almost see the ink go down as I finish each coloring page.  But they roll on nice and smooth and the color combos are excellent.  I had a hard time finding sets with 'nature' colors of the greens and browns...  so many like the bright neon and so forth and while there are a few of those, this set is more for those of us that want to use 'real' colors in nature pages, etc.

I'm a 55 year old who loves the 'new' coloring books and the stress relief and relaxation they bring me.  I like the fine detailed ones and there is no way to do that without pens or super fine pencils you constantly sharpen. I personally like the depth of color the pens provide vs. the pencils."
It was gift for my Granddaughter and she was so excited to get them..She hasn't said yet how they are were working.  So I can't give true report.  But loved the packaging..
Awesome!!
This is an incredible product especially for the price.  There is an amazing choice of colors and they color well.  I really enjoy them with stress free color books
"I like the product .I dislike the ink not working after a while and the pens explode
But so does other kinds of pens
The colors are great I love the variations
I use the to color Adult Coloring Books or sometimes I just scribble."
Great gel pens!
Liked the variety of colors
"I loved the variety in color, but unfortunately, a lot of the pens didn't write as well as I'd hoped. I'd color in a small space in a coloring book, and half-way through, the pens would die out on me. I was hoping for a little better quality."
Love the amount of markers! Was a gift for my Granddaughter.
Bought it for a gift for my daughter and she loved it
"These work great, I love having like a jillion colors. I have found them to work perfectly right out of the box (maybe a little shaking required at first but that's how all pens can be)."
Love these pens. Got them on sale during Amazonprime day on a whim. So glad I did. I use them for coloring and they glide really well. Metallic and glitter pens look awesome. Would buy again.
Love the colors. Only issue the pens run out quick.
Nice Pins
Our little girls loves them
"My son loved these, said the different variety of colors were awesome!"
"These pens write great and come in many colors. However, they are not long lasting. When I first received them I thought 120 pens would last me a long time. But so far they are only last a few days with continued use. I've already used up almost a third of them in just a few weeks."
Since I've become home bound I have found that art therapy is extremely relaxing. I was given an adult coloring book and the gel pens are so much easyer than color pencils.
I was impressed with the pens. They work very well.
"Was skeptical since they look cheap, but all of them work and color well."
These area enough colors of pens to keep us busy for a long time!
My Grandsons absolutely love drawing and writing...this product allows them to think out of the box...Thank YOU for this incredible item..Grandma
Great selection of colors.
The pens are of really good quality.  They write smoothly with vibrant ink and are extremely reasonably priced.  I highly recommend them.
I love them! So many colors and so many in general. && all for a great price! Im thinking of repurchasing for Xmas gifts 
I purchased these several months ago! I am still having fun with them! My 7 yr.old loves the variety.! We have  a great time coloring together. She loves the glitter ones!
"Each package should be labeled with which type of pen is in it. Had to guess on a lot. One if the swirl pens was leaking and never worked. Overall, the variety of colors was good"
I LOVE THE PENS BUT THERE IS VERY LITTLE INK IN THEM FOR THE PRICE U PAY FOR IT
love it many colors to chose from
"Colors are beautiful, pens work well."
I'm so excited to use these. I love the gel pens and I love the variation. There are even some mixed gel colors. I'm excited for those.
great pencils  work well
"The pen color selection is awesome and a wonderful price too. They just aren't for me though because the pen tips are not fine enough for note taking. The product description doesnt have the size of the tip written but They look and felt like 1mm which is too thick to write notes with. I hope they add that to the description though because its misleading. Some pens glided smoothly on the paper and looked really pretty but some were rough textured and difficult to use even after scribing on the paper a couple times, you can still see part of the paper in the middle of the line which is just annoying. They would be good for coloring though I think I still prefer my color pencils for that."
"Do not recommend.  Pens only 2/3 to 3/4 filled with ink.  None more than 3/4 and 1 only half filled.  Lot of pens for good price, but I guess if you don't fill them with ink you can sell them cheaper."
"Extremely disappointed in the quality of these pens. While I haven't checked each and every one, of the 20 I did pull out to color a pattern, 4 had broken tops that had to be taped to close and 5 stopped working all together after a coloring a single page even though ink still showed in the pen.  I will be contacting Amazon about returning."
I received  my pens last week.  I am pleased with them so far.  They write very nice and I would probably order them again.  Love all the different colors of pens.  I am not certain why the set has rainbow pens in It.  I could do without them.
"Ive purchased gel pens before that don't write smoothly, are too small, or are even watery. These are great! So many with so many colors, they write smoothly and brightly, and Im obsessed with the glitter ones. It makes studying so much nicer."
I'm really enjoying these pens!  Many colors with some sparkles and metallic.  The gel is smooth flowing and is very satisfying to color with.
"would be a great pen set, if it wasn't for one of the sets having some of the pens with multi colors mixed together. If this was suppose to be, that would be one thing, and should have been marked on the cap, but the cap is marked as a solid color, and that color is not even in the mix of colors in the pens."
Absolutely happy with my purchase! I received the pens today and used them this evening.  I couldn't stop coloring my adult coloring book because they were so bright and fun! Love the many different colors and the glitter colors are amazing.  Would highly recommend and I would buy them again if need be.  Get them! You will not regret it.
"Super fun colors and great to use.  I would have given all 5 stars but there was one tiny little thing that bugged me. One of the caps is completely different than the rest. Also, the case could be a bit stronger. Just putting one away poked a hole in the bottom."
Awesome pack and have lasted for 2 years!
They are awesome and affordable. Also don't smear
These are nicely packaged and do what I need and want them to do. I am happy with this purchase.
"I was excited to get this on prime day, but when I received them today, a few of them didn't work, and one was cracked all over, as shown in the picture. Disappointed to say the least."
"The local art stores want so much $ for gel pen sets.  My kids like to use them for those detailed coloring books they have out now.  They needed new pens and this was a great buy.  Great color assortment and even some metallics/glitter pens.  I can't yet speak to how long they last, but even if only a few months of use...it will still be way cheaper for the 120 pens than the 10 cnts for same price at store.  So far they are a hit and no issues!"
Dry out too quickly.
"On on hand there are nice vibrant colors in it and on the other it's missing some pretty substantial ones and I got a ton of repeats.

They dry out very quickly and smudge like you wouldn't believe. I use adult coloring as a way to manage anxiety and it helps but me wearing most of the color on my hands and getting all the pages dirty does not"
"Based on the reviews I expected a decent set, even with this price. Unfortunately the set I received was a dud. Over half the pens don't work at all, totally dried up/empty, and the ones that do have ink are a disappointment. The ink is light/sparse and scratchy, not good flow at all.  I guess I should've known better at 120 for $20, you get what you pay for. I wish I'd just skipped these and spent a bit more on usable pens."
"So much fun with ""adult"" coloring books. So many colors to choose from. Great way to relax."
They are a great set of gel pens
"Super Average... cheap, but they were cheap."
"There are a nice variety of colors, but most of the special pens either don't work or aren't that exciting. A few colors are kinda similar, and they seem to run out of ink so quickly. I also hate the packaging, its hard to keep them in their original places because nothings labeled and they always shift around. I love gel pens but you could do better than these if you are a professional or casual artist. Theyd be fine for younger children however."
"The first set of pens I ordered was, unfortunately, about 75% dried-up and completely unusable, and Shuttle Art was kind enough to send a second pack. This set was better but still not very smooth-writing, with no ink flowing in some places and blobby marks in others."
"Nice selection of colors and they are not too bad about bleeding. Purchased as a gift for my mom and she really likes all the colors. I wish they would sell a set without glitter, she doesnt use those, but she gave them to me and I am using them in a coloring book about fish, which seems appropriate with the fish scales being kinda glittery."
"Got these for a 7 year olds birthday. She lived them. Was thrilled with all the colors and how they each ""clicked"" into their own space to keep them organized."
"Love, love, love! The ink flows smoothly and the colors are amazing--the metallic and glitter pens are beyond gorgeous"
Nice color variety.  The glitters and metallics are my favorites! The white was absolutely useless and the pastels skipped a lot or wouldnt work at all.  I will try some of the fixes others have suggested such as writing on an alcohol pad and hope that these work better for me.
bleed through all types of paper
My daughter loves these.  The are tons of colors and they create vibrant pictures.
"These pens are absolutely beautiful and have colours I have never seen in other sets. I haven't used them to colour with yet - I was too busy just looking at them. They arrived in great condition and what was important to me, is that they actually arrived at all. I've tried to buy gel pens from other sellers and have needed to be refunded for non-delivery or lost in transit - the joys of living in New Zealand. Thank you Shuttle Art and your little thank you card that was in the package is most appreciated."
"I was very disappointed in these pens. Although a lot of reviewers wrote how awesome the color selection is, I found that many of the colors were very, very similar. In my set there were 6 pens that didn't work at all. Many of the other colors were not smooth, did not freely flow and the outcome was a scratchy look, sort of like fur or feathers. Other colors flowed too well, and globed on the picture, covering the lines and looking like a sloppy mess. My biggest complaint, however, is how long it took the ink to dry. I was getting ink all over my hand and then transferring it to other parts of the picture. I would not recommend these pens, and will be looking for a different set for myself."
Takes me back to my childhood! They are definitely not cheap quality and have every color that you could think of. I especially love the glitter pens.
They worked just like I thought they would  Like them very much  Gay Allen
Amazing colors
Just be careful.  Ive come across a few pens already that have ink in them that is not at all the color of the cap. See photo. Otherwise Im still very happy with this set.
Great Buy!! There are sooooo many great colors.
"I like the idea of having so many choices of colors, especially ones you don't normally get in other packs such as some brrowns, black, reds. I haven't used all of them yet but of the 1/2 that I have used there are several that had to go in the garbage because when you removed the caps the pens broke or leaked. Several were dried up & not usable. I wouldnt by them again nor would I recommend them to anyone else."
120 gel pens and not ONE duplicate. Great product and fast shipping. A+++ will buy from again!! Tyvm.
Don't work very well all the time
"I like these pens a lot, but there are a couple drawbacks: the ink doesn't always flow smoothly (you have to shake the pen to get it started again), the pens are not completely filled with ink, and the ink doesn't last very long."
Was ok but kind of cheppy
"love all the different shades and textures, some are glittery, others almost shine like enamel."
"Great colors, great variety and none of them were unusable or dried up. Ive been using these for months for art and general writing and am very pleased with my purchase."
"Good mix of neon, metallic, glitter, and standard! Some previous reviews noted dry pens and/or difficulty getting the ink going, so when I first received them I randomly drew pens from each pack. Each one worked right away. We've been coloring with them since and so far there's only been 1 i had to scribble a bit to get it going again. Not bad at all!!!  Great price and great selection, no problems with the quality. 100% would buy again"
Great granddaughter gift!
My granddaughters loved having so many colors!
I love these pens! They have so many colors and work so well for my adult coloring book!
Great quality gel pens for a great price.  Highly recommend
"I am by no means an artistic person, but I can manage to color inside the lines...most of the time. I bought these for coloring and they do that job. There were so many pens that I numbered them and made a small test sheet so I can choose the exact shade/shimmer of blue needed for my masterpiece. Most of them do skip once in a while, but it's nothing that a little scribble on a scrap piece of paper can't fix. The only ones I don't like are #49-52, which have multiple colors in 1 pen. I don't see the point of these. Overall, great quality, pigment, and selection!"
Great price
"Theyre very smooth and easy to use.  They dry quickly so they don't smudge
The delivery was within two daysgreat!"
I wanted to like these more than I did. It's a great color range which is a huge positive. Problem is only the metallics and about half of the glitter colors wrote without any issues. All the rest were scratchy and/or didn't flow consistently which is a huge disappointment. The ones that work are great but unfortunately that isn't the majority of this set.
So fun! And so cheap! Glad I purchased. Totally worth it for coloring.
Love these!  They work great and a nice variety of colors.  Will likely order again.
"I hate these pens.  Period.  I hate them.  Sure, there are a ton of nice colors, but the pen color doesn't represent the actual ink very well.  There's hardly any ink in each pen so they don't last that long.  And they are ALWAYS running out while you are using them causing a need to shake the pen to get more ink in or scribbling on another piece of paper to get the ink flowing.  I hate these pens."
"Use these everyday,."
Awesome
GREAT FOR ADULT COLORING BOOKS! THANKS!
Nice colors but some of them were already dried out and you often have to shake the pens when using them.
"I liked all the colorrs, so many to chose from and they really make the pictures beautiful. I only had a problem with one pen that leaked.  SO I am very satisfied with all of these."
Gift for the Grandaughter.  She loved it so I am happy
Second order of same for my granddaughter...shes excited!
"I do like these pens.  However, some of the colors are totally different than the caps.  Some browns are actually more green.  So you have to test them all the time."
I gave this to my friend who loves gel pens and she loved it!!!  the 'no duplicates' is what sold me on this package.  it's really a fab collection.
Great value
"I have found several of these pens will stop working, and you have to scribble with them which messes up your paper. Some work really well, others are streaky and hard to use. I would probably try another brand when I need pens again."
It is your average set of pens.
"Great colors, ink comes out evenly without ""breaking"""
"Great pens, a ton of selection and are great for adult coloring books, last a while and flow nicely."
"I purchased this pen set as a gift for my daughter to give my wife for Mothers Day. They are excellent & both my wife & daughter love them. They certainly have a wide variety of colors. Judging from my wifes & daughters reactions, I would highly recommend them to anyone who is into crafts & is looking for a reasonably price decent pen set."
I have been using these for a couple weeks and absolutely love the choice of so many colors. There are also colors I have never seen in other sets. My only problem is occasionally I pick up one that I can't get to work. Otherwise I would have given these 5 stars
Bought these as a gift for my mom. She absolutely loves them.
Not all the pens worked and a lot of the colors do not match the cap. Many beautiful colors though
I'm a kid again.  these markers are worth the money I spent.
Glide well and color great!
"I was excited to get so many colors as Ive recently gotten into coloring. And these are advertised as good for coloring.  Did not expect to open them up and they all be ball-point. Small ball point. Im not sure how Im supposed to color pictured with pens that write in very narrow lines. So basically I have 120 different colored ball point pens, which I cant even use at work. Very disappointed."
My wife loves it! Perfect!
Not all pens were filled to same level
Very poor quality some of the pens would not write at all some were only half full and the ink did not cover evenly. I am not very happy with these at all. JOHN HANSON
Great assortment of color. I highly recommend this product.
"Love these the most!!!!! The end caps fit together so when in use, they just snap together so you don't lose them unlike other double tipped markers.  Beautiful colors.  Great product!!!"
The choice was great.
"Nice glide, rich colors. Although most colors are a lot darker than the cap indicates"
I liked the glitter pens. I didn't like the obed that have different colors in one.
fast and right
"So many pens for the price.  I have has this set for a year now and I don't think I have used all the colors.  Some of the tips are not the greatest.  It takes a few of them a minute to start coloring correctly.  Other than that, the selection is amazig even though it seems a few colors are duplicated.  Worth the money for sure."
"I was excited by how fast I recieved my pens. I couldn't wait to use these because of the beautiful variety of colors (the price wasn't bad either). Unfortunately I wasn't able to use a lot of them because they either broke before I recieved them or they had a lot of air bubbles. The colors I was able to use were beautiful, but I couldn't use them for to long because they came with hardly any ink. If I wouldn't have had these issues I would've given 5 stars instead of 1."
"The pens are great.  The different colors,
neon and sparkles make for a great coloring experience"
These pens were a great purchase. They are perfect for my coloring books
These are great pens for adult coloring and/or crafts some of them have sparkle in them too. I only have one complaint and that is that you cannot really go by the cap color as to what color will come out on the page. Test first is what I recommend before using on a project.
"When these work and write, they are incredible. Unfortunately, I either got a bad batch or they are crap. I can write about one line before they won't write anymore. This has happened to over 60 of the colors. I am embarrassed that I bought an extra to give as a gift. I am basically just filling up the landfill :("
"Delivered super fast, and beautiful colors. Great pens"
"Very disappointed. Poor quality.  Some of the pens do not mark at all, ink does not flow freely in any of the pens. Skips and cannot get ink started again."
These markers is the same thing they break every time you use them these are a piece of krapp and I really want my money back
"If you are interested in adult coloring do not buy these pens. A few of them are very nice but many are not. The finish isn't smooth and I have found that many don't have a good ink flow. As far as colors there are the same ones repeated but some are metallic, some have glitter, some are neon, some are multi colored. They weren't at all what I was hoping for."
Daughter is really enjoying the pens for her art.  Would purchase again.
"These pens run out so fast and some do not write at all~ very disappointed. On the positive side , there are a great variety of colors"
Gave this as a gift to a little boy.
Lots of cool colors. Love the variety.
Enjoying the large selection of colors. A few have seemed dried out. Make sure to.keep.covers on.them.
"These are great pens. I read the reviews prior. And was hoping my set wouldn't be duds like some had received. Complaints about half empty ink tubes, dry sractchy nibs, non running ink, etc. I was pleasantly surprised by 3/4 filled ink tubes. No runny or broken pens. And each and every pen working smoothly on first test. I love most of the hues. Though out of every color selection, there are two to four hues that are very undiscernable from eachother. Also the red hues are greatly lacking. Nearly 20+ purple hues and pink hues. And sadly only 3 red hues...Yellow lacking also in variety of attractive hues. There were only 2 I liked from the yellows. Nice selection of blues also. and turqouisey inbetween colors.  The greens are plenty but not too pleasing to me. About 4 natural looking greens. The rest ""eh."" But all in all. Nice variety for the price and quality. -Cristians Girlfriend"
Best price for a great assortment of gel pins!
Tested all of the colors and they are lovely BUT I had a few colors that didn't write at all.
as expected
"I purchased these to use when correcting homework, but within minutes the ink stops flowing, and even after shaking them to try and get the ink flowing again, they still don't work."
"These are the worst  pens i have bought. They don't color smoothly and half of them don't work  at all. I really need to return them, but i don't want someone  else to get them. Junk!!"
Great set
"These gel markers are very vibrant, they have every color imaginable."
These colors are gorgeous!! So many pens for such a great price!! Completely happy with purchase!! Just ordered some more.
"I do not recommend these gel pens. The ink does not flow smoothly and uniformly. Some pens do not work at all. Some stop after using for a few minutes. The metallic & glitter pens are nice, but basic plain colored gel pens are missing."
Great
"Love love these Gel Pens! They write/color fantastic,"
"120 gel pens for less than $15. I surely didn't expect them all to work perfectly but nearly half don't do anything but scratch up my paper.

The ones that do work are excellent shades that dry quickly."
Thank you my mom loved them
bought as a gift
So many colors...
"Would give 0 stars if possible. I bought these with high hopes after reading reviews.... when my order came in, half the pens already wouldnt work, the other half only had a little bit of ink. I was highly disappointed because of what happened.."
granddaughter loves them.
Pretty good markers. Love all the colors. Not sure yet how long they last. I wish these were separated better by type of marker or labeled so you would be able to know/see which markers were kind.
"I bought these for my daughter, who loves to make her own manga, and she absolutely loves them and uses them every single day.  There were no bad pens in the set, and they have lasted for months with none drying out or getting clogged.  I will definitely buy this brand again.  These were a great bargain and work extremely well."
Great set of pens
"While the pens are fun, you go through ink super quick. Granted you have over 100 to choose from, but I expected more."
LOVE these gel pens. Great assortment of colors. Suggest a set of truly pastel colors. All of the colors that are supposed to be pastel are almost neon brilliant. I will buy again and again!! Thank you!
"Bought as a gift.  All pens work well,  sometimes don't stay in case very well. Shes very happy with them."
OMG I love these for my adult coloring books!!
"I love the gel pens,  I will reorder when I need more, I love how bright the colors are compared to pencils"
Sent as a gift to a shut-in and was much appreciated .
Got these for my granddaughter  she is 11 and been using them for a couple weeks strait.
Wow so many colors.  I have been wasting my money at Walmart.
"I just received these from Amazon earlier today. I should have read the other reviews first and went through the package to check/test them. I just dida, as I went, scratch test right before using.. Out of the 12 or so colors I've tried, about 7 work. I give up. I hope this is just a dad batch, because these gel pens really suck. I was really excited about these too.

If you do order these, make sure to get, or use a rubber/foam gripper (like the ones you put on no. 2 pencils) around the barrel of the pens, otherwise you will get finger blisters."
So many colors! This is a fun set. I did have some issues getting some of the pens started but other than that no complaints.
I wanted to start coloring for relaxation.  Found books on Dollar Tree.  These pens work great and at a much better price than the stores.
Great variety of colors and even greater price !
Nice assortment
I really like the quality and the color choices.
"The write great, but half the pens didn't have hardly any ink!"
I love the variety of colors. This was my first gel pen purchase and overall I have been pleased.
"My first review, which I cannot find, was not fabulous because I did not understand exactly how gel pens worked.  You cannot use them as regular pens and think the ink will keep flowing.  You have to rest them. The colors are gorgeous and very vibrant.  I took the package into my office to share and everybody was fighting over which colors to take.  The pens are loads of fun!"
nice purchase.
"My 13 year old daugher loves this set, we are able to use so many different colors. We just love how diverse the color scheme is!"
That great
Love
Very impressive!  Beautiful colors and glitter colors.
Great selection of coloring pens.
Great product for the price. Quality is good and too many colors to chose from!
Holy moly! Gel pens galore! I tested most of them and the ink is great! You really cant beat the price of of what you get
"Wonderful set of gel pens for a VERY reasonable price. The color selection is fantastic -- you get neons, metallics, glitters, and a white pen as well. Most flow very well -- I haven't had much of an issue with skipping ink. Granted, I'm no professional artist, but these have worked very well for the adult coloring books that I am using them for.

Each row of pens comes in its own package, rather than a single package, which I can see how it would be nice to be able to consolidate pens as you have some start to run out of ink. You could get refills, but with as inexpensive as these are, I'd be more likely to just buy replacements rather than refills.

I only have 2 complaints:

First, the pens seem to run out of ink fairly quickly if you are using them to color (like I am). I've colored 3 pictures so far and one of my pens is almost completely depleted.

Second, there are 4 of those ""swirl"" pens in this set. For writing, those are fine, but I am using these to color with. Also, they are neon colors, so I can't imagine that they'd be very useful in writing (the colors are not going to show up very well).

In summary, I feel like this was a very good buy. Great selection of colors, inexpensive price."
"Love Them, Just as Described."
The pens are fine but still don't find the real reds and more purple shades that I want .
I have used these less than 24 hours and already there are three of them absolutely quit working and I cannot get them to work. Love the colors just wish they all worked
"Love these! They arrived very quickly in perfect condition and well packaged. So far I've only gone through one of the four packs which holds 30 different colors. They write extremely smooth! The ink is very bright! For the price, the amount, & the selection this is a steal of a deal! I most definitely will be buying a few more sets!"
"I love how many are in this set for the price, and no duplicates."
"Colors are vibrant, and they work very smooth."
Pleasantly surprised at how nice these are. I bought these for coloring with my grandkids. We have enjoyed them. Good price. Bright colors with plenty of the same color to fully occupy my grandkids.
Some of the colors won't color!
"The pens write nicely once you get them going,  since some are difficult to get started, but i received over 15 colors that look like the picture. Nearly 1/4 or less filled.  When dismantled several of the nearly empty ones have broken ink tubes, but there is no evidence of any type of leaking in the packaging, so I guess the tubes were cracked during filling in manufacturing, and the quality check missed it."
Nice pens. Vibrant colors. Good coverage. Good deal!
Very fun colors and lots of fun to color with
"Love the colors, not much inc in each pen but they are great"
Great variety of color.
Nice colors. Some leaked and were dry but the good ones are nice.
Do you color with gel pens? this is an amazing offer if you do. I have never seen so many different colors! this is by far one of the best investments I have made!
"Excellent cheap gel pens with a plethora of very bright colors.  My only complaint about them is that the colors aren't labeled.  I use them to color, and have found that some of the pigments are shiny or have glitter in them."
Very colorful
"I am disappointed, the ad shows four rows of pens and I received one.  So 30 pens instead of 120.  Also, pens are not fully filled."
"Exactly as described, fast delivery, would recommend"
these were bought as a gift so I did not use them but the colors looked great.
Nice pens. Dont dry out as fast as other brands
Love the huge variety they work beautifully make very colorful vibrant pictures
"Great color selection. Problem is, the pens are not full.  They are all 1/2 to 2/3 full!!"
"They are okay if you're just playing around. Its nice to have all of the colors but the quality isn't that great. I wouldn't recommend these specific pens to a serious artist. I just feel like you have to put a lot of effort into continuous use of one pen, like you have to press harder or go over lines to get a uniform color. They're fun to mix and match just annoying when working on a serious project."
Great set of pens for a great price !
Junk! Pens stop working 1/2 thru a coloring and 1 pen started leaking
Loved the colors
I ordered these for my talented granddaughter who is in her freshman year as an art major.  My reward was a smile and a hug.  She is putting the colors to good use.
A wonderful hobby. I love these pens and all the colors
Well I haven't used yet.but I love all the colors.
I love love love these pens for coloring! Some of the inks are more liquidy than others so I recommend testing it on scrap paper before you use it on your coloring page. The color variations are wonderful- will never be able to color again without these. Great value!!
Awesome seller. A+++
These run out quickly. They also start skipping a few sentences in to every letter
"I want to start out by saying that my 3 yo and I love these. The colors are amazing and there really is 120 different colors. I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 because a few of the pens are kind of hard to use, i had to scribble a bit to get them to work. One was damaged, had broken and leaked inside itself so it didn't work. Other than that though, i would probably buy them again."
"OK pens.  The plastic tubes that hold the ink are super cheaply made.  Some of the pen tips don't actually screw in securely and can't be used because the tips push into the tube if you try to use it.  One pink glitter pen stopped working after about 5 minutes of use.  The ones that do work write well.  There are different widths of tips, and no way of knowing what you are getting until you take the cap off."
Amazing colors but runs out kind of fast. Great variety in colors. A joy to use.
Good value for the price. Very nice collection.  My roommate has already asked to borrow them!
I love all the different colors. But I got duplicates I got 2 part4s and no part 1. So I'm missing out on some of the colors.  !
I love how the pens write and color so smooth my dislike is one they just stop working in the middle of you using them and you have to shake them another is the ink goes very quickly
"They are very poor quality. I used them for less than 5 minutes and was running into issues. The grab the paper like the tips are rough metal. The kink stopped working on 1 almost immediately. While I'm not going to return them given the pain doing such is, I'm not going to buy them again either."
"Loved how the pens came packaged in four separate containers organized by ink type.  Loved the band that hold them all together.  Love the variety of ink colors. Price was good.  Would have given 5 stars but for whatever reason Every pen had at least 1/4 - 1/2"" of ink missing.  Haven't tried the pens out yet. But looking forward to using with my new coloring book."
"Wonderful gel pen set!  I really love this line of Asian art products!  I own the Shuttle Art colored pencil set and also the Shuttle Art colored marker set.  Each one gives great, reliable  results and is a pleasure to use.  I have not experienced and blotty or feathery mess with these pens.  They offer wonderful bright colors that do not bleed through or leave shadows on the back of my coloring pages.  What more can you ask?  The price of these sets is seriously reasonable too.  Long live Shuttle Art!!"
I just got these yesterday to use in my adult coloring books.  A lot of them don't work and the ones that do work die out right away.
"Great price, good pens.  Some of them were sort of dried up.  It helped to soak the tips in some rubbing alcohol."
Great for adult coloring; packaging is great for organization and accessibility!
Excellant price for what you get. I would buy this product again
Barely made it through a picture before running out of ink.  Stops coloring and have to blow in bottom end of pen to get ink flowing
"Love these gel pens! They were just like the ones I had as a little girl. They all work so no duds in this pack, and are super smooth and bright! I love how it includes rainbow ones, neon, glitter, regular, metallic, AND pastel gel pens! My kids and I have been coloring with them nonstop!"
Gel flow is really horrible. Have to constantly scribble and shake pens to keep gel flowing consistently. Have not had this problem with other gel pens. I would not order these again.
These are wonderful.
Wife loves them.
Good deal for the money. Haven't had any issues with pens not working.
Great color selection and coverage
I love these pens! Theyre great for bible journaling :)
Colors are vibrant!
"I liked the various shades of each color. It put a new look to my adult coloring, scrapebooking, and card making. Thank you"
"I was so excited to finally get these :/ all of them are extremely disappointing. The gel ink doesn't come out well so it leaves behind weird scratch marks, so you have to go over the same spots twice, and it ruins the picture :( not to mention only half of mine were full, the rest were filled with air pockets or leaked out. Waste of money!!"
fantastic
It was a gift
Nice gel pens
Great
"Great price, but the 120 colors is kind of a joke. There are 120 pens, but the color difference is so slight its indistinguishable. They have great pigment but to color over a larger area you either get gloppy looking marks or tear through the page."
These are beautiful when on paper and easy to use! Would definitely recommend!!
"OK, product. Some of the colors do not work well."
"So many colors to chose from, I love this set. The only complaint i have is a couple pens broke when I tried to take the lid off for the first time, but they still worked so I didn't care. Also 1 or 2 pens leaked, but again I still loved this set."
Love it seriously makes the paper come to life
My daughter love it. She use it all the time
Very nice set of gel pens.
"I'm so disappointed with these gel pens. I got them today and created a color swatch for reference for when I'm creating my art. The consistency of both color and  coverage is absolutely unacceptable when it comes to any level of artistic ability whether someone is using gel pens for basic coloring let alone any attempt of a more advanced technique. I tried many different ways of using them such as the amount of pressure I applied, my speeds etc; and nothing changed in the aspect that it could at the least preform basically with any type of consistent color or coverage.

I would NEVER recommend these to anyone including children just looking to experience gel pens because they are a complete waste of time, money and effort.  Even for someone just looking to do general coloring these can't even color a single picture without fighting with the ink to cover where you want it to.

Essentially every one looked like it was acting like a pen almost empty of ink instead of brand new and full..."
".
I loved the IDEA of 120 finepoint colored gel pens. The reality was poor. Of each of 4 packs of 40 pens each, 4 to 5 had ABSOLUTELY NO INK!  I usually find Amazon's quality control to be superb. Not with these pens.  -Chuck O'Leary"
Their OK
Nice large set unique colors. Ink seems a little on the dry side.
"I recently started using gel pens for my stress relaxation coloring. I have purchased several sets of pens, yes I am a little compulsive, and by far these are my favorite. I have a color chart book and every single pen wrote the first attempt. They arrived in perfect condition and no duplicates. I am very pleased with this purchase. They write smooth and cover evenly."
"The set has ever color you would want! Shipping was fast and the price was great, however the pens tend to run out fast. Its still a super buy!"
Great products. I gave one set to grandson and the other to friends. All love the set.
"About 50% of pens work ok, but the other half don't come out smooth. And if need to color in larger area or even use in smaller areas multiple times the pen stops working. Acts like its out of ink when its not. Have to back at later time to finish what you were working on. Very frustrating."
4.5 out of 5 stars. Love the colors and they glide very smoothly most of the time. The glitter pens tend to plug up a bit but if you shake them a bit they work just fine.
Awesome pen set
I love all the different colors and types. Regular and glitter and they come in 4 different packs.
"I received this set as a gift and was thrilled.  After having them for a while I am less than happy.  The tops have broken off 3, thus the pens are dry.  Of course, those were my favorites.  Also, from day #! many either didn't work, even with trying  many tricks, or stopped mid-project.  Some were very scratchy.  I've tossed the whole set and am searching for a replacement."
My daughter loves these pens. Great quality. Smooth coloring-no dry spots.  Only problem is too many choices!  I am very happy with these pens.
Work well don't shade real well but Im not an artist. I do like the soft pencils better.
"First of all I want to say that I was completely floored by all the different colors in this set! Now I'm not talking about 8-10 different colors with different finishes. There are more shades here than I know what to do with!
Now onto the pens themselves. First and foremost, these pens come out thick, rich, and fast so be careful! Also I wouldn't recommend them for large area coloring because you'll run out of ink way too quickly.
The coarser the paper the better your end product will be.  Because these pens come out so rich and thick if you color on shiny or smooth paper it will smudge far more quickly and easily.
The best coloring books that I have found to use these pens with are Angie Grace's various Mandala designs as well as Millie Marotta coloring books. They have the more intricate and detailed designs and these pens are perfect for getting into the smallest places without any problems. You can make some very beautiful art with these pens if you're the creative type and even if you just love to color you'll love these pens!
For the price I paid I thought ""what have I got to lose"" and these pens did not disappoint!"
I love so many colors to choose. I have had no trouble with any of the pens
"I love the variety of colors, the way the colors look on paper.  Don't like that some of the pens dry out quickly."
"Great gel pens - work well, comfortable to use."
"Even though some of the reviews stated that the pens weren't full and stopped working right away I tried them anyway. Loved the colors and no duplicates. But after four of the first pens I used stopped while coloring I was working on a picture also they are not filled all the way. So disappointed and frustrated, cant even complete one picture. Shuttle Art needs to fix their product and compensate us for their poor quality product. Wont buy again."
"Beautiful colors, easily used, ink flows smoothly, will last a long time."
"Bright colors. Most write smoothly..came across a couple that were hard to write with and some that had streaky colors, but for the price and amount of pens and colors, it's worth it"
These pens don't last very long. Some of them don't work at all and the ones that do work for a second and then stop.
I wish I could give more stars but the ink just goes out way too fast. I use these pens for making graphic novels. After using a single pen on a piece of type writing paper the pen was completely out. So yeah. The colors are really pretty though. So theres that. Id highly recommend these for shading but not really for anything else.
The value of the product was well worth it. You all put Wish to shame.
"Beautiful selection of colors...unfortunately, I never got around to using a lot of them. The 30 pens I did try to use were mostly frustrating to write or color with.  Some were just very scratchy, two smeared when using, a lot of them skipped (very Annoying), several flowed ok but were a bit on the faint side and a couple wouldn't write at all.  However, two of the neon colors were perfect so I gave a star for each of them.  I did notice that the ink levels in the pens were very inconsistent... some were lower than 1/2 full.  I have no idea how the other 80 pens work and have no interest in finding out.  I was looking forward to using the gel pens for several projects but  they are not for me..."
Love them!!
These pens are awesome!! Beautiful colors in a wide variety. Easy to use and the small tips allow for detailed coloring. I highly recommend this brand.
"Im sorry to say that I had to return them.  They smeared when I used them.  With my current gel pens,they don't smear if I happen to touch them while continuing to color.  Too bad because the colors were lovely."
"I like the colors, I just wish all of the pens worked consistently. The quality is not great. Would like to return them, but not worth it."
Beautiful colors. Love the variety. Sadly they run out WAY to fast.
"Nice variety of colors, wish it had more browns though. I like that these all have worked for me with very little issue with clogging."
So many pens!!!!
Love them..... couldn't wait to use them. Colors are as advertised. Work great on my cards/envelopes.
Excellent quality.
"So I bought this ignoring all the negative reviews, unfortunately many of the complaints they had are the same as mine. First off, the good, I love how all the colors sets are packaged seperately, the colors are all unique and lovely. What I didn't like, the ink in the pens were all different, like someone had used them. Also, the pens don't work consistently, and the colors on the pens don't really reflect the ink color. And I even got a pen that appears to be filled on the wrong side or it exploded or something happened. I added a picture. Mind you I haven't opened or used any of these pens"
Great colors.  Using in my journal.
"I love all the different colors. I have some that I never had before, which i like a lot."
This will be given as a birthday.
"Just got started with them, but enjoying so far. Great relaxation technique!"
"Great quality pens, love the variety and selection!"
"We were told that these would work really well in Adult Coloring Books. We had tried pencils, markers, etc. and nothing worked to our satisfaction. As soon as I got home, I ordered them, they came quickly and work great. I encourage anyone using adult coloring books to use these pens with them. They are terrific. Nothing else comes close."
i am impressed with these pens. great quality.
"The pens were great for variety of colors, but half of the pens had only 1/2 of the ink in them.  The pens were kept in the bags they were packaged in originally and after a few days, some of the pens started leaking making a grand mess not only in the bags, but on my fingers as well.

I wish I could say they get a 5 rating, I'd love to purchase more, but not until these two issues are resolved."
"pens are nice but i wish they had more glitter pens in the set, most are pastel colors but over all these are nice pens with a smooth writing.."
This product is amazing I really love how bright every color is and how beautiful my drownings look after coloring them with this pens. They are for sure my favorite coloring pens.
"I bought these pens to use in my bullet journal. Upon receipt, 14 of the pens had less than half of ink in them. These pens do not color well. The color either skips or pours out. I am not pleased with these pens at all."
"Seriously annoyed and disappointed. Multiple pens ran out of ink my first time using them. They were filled with ink maybe about only halfway or less. Some work great, others suck."
I love that there are so many different colors to choose from.  I don't have anything to say that was the least that I liked.
"Love them! But if you're a planner girl like me, give the ink a moment to dry before you turn the page or swipe over your writing. The glitter gel ones really sparkle on the page! The writing is so smooth. I definitely enjoy these pens."
"Best ever bought, recommend"
So cute I love the colors they glide on great some stick but just keep writing get the flow going. They're beautiful!!!
"As a gift for a 8yr old, it got good feedback."
"Beautiful colors, perfect for my spiritual coloring books, great buy!"
I love all the colors and have had no problems with any of the pens working.
Unbelievable color assortment and also finishes!  Perfect for intricate details!
"Lots of pens, not much ink.  I would not buy again."
bought these as a gift for a friend.  Very nice!
Love all of the colours but I can literally watch the ink drain with each use which is approximately 3 times. The ink flow is not smoothe. Glad I have so many colours to choose. Not sure but I probably will purchase another product in the future. Pencils.
I was super excited to receive these pens and start coloring... but they didn't work as I expected. Many didn't flow well or would stop flowing mid color. Then I had one start leaking inside the pen. I was really disappointed. They had great ratings and was the reason I decided to get them. Just be aware..there are issues..
I was so excited to get these gel pens because I really enjoyed collecting gel pens as a teenager! These did not disappoint and every color that I have tried so far is so amazing! The pens write very smoothly and the colors are very vibrant and rich! I will be using these for my bullet journal.
Beautiful colors!  Recommended
VERY large assortment of gel pens. Still have not used all of the colors. Each pen I have used has worked so far. Great to use for coloring books in addition to fineliners. Does take a bit to dry.
"pens are terrible, clips have broken off 50% of pens. Some pens were thrown away because ink was dried up."
Great value. Colors are bold!
Love it. Great for coloring books and note writing. Almost too many colors to choose from!
Beautiful richly pigmented colors that were a super hit as a birthday present!
"I finally got them! I love them, they work well, and I especially love the multi colored ink in a few of the pens! They do smudge just a little on your hand, but I realized if I blow on the ink for a second I didn't have an issue."
Great
bought as a gift. she loved coloring with them and had never used gel pen for it. she now wants more.
"These came right away and I really like them. Smooth, vivid, beautiful colors. Great for even intricate coloring books. The only thing is they take a few minutes to dry so don't color an area and then rest your hand on it while coloring a different area or it will smudge. A big plus for me is many will write well on black paper. Now, if only I can find a source of black notebooks that don't cost $10 each! While most leave a nice, smooth line, some blotch a little, but that just makes coloring more interesting. You can always blot with a tissue to even it out, I guess. Overall, I think this was a great deal and would order again and recommend to others."
Every color possible  Great hit as gift to 9 year old
Half of the pens didn't work!! No matter what we did!! They were dried out!
Product seemed to be dried up and pens looked like they had been used.
My daughter had been coloring non stop since she got these. We both love all the color options. The metallic ones are super cool! :)
"If you love gel pens, this set it for you.  An insane amount of colors to choose from.  Great for coloring or writing letters that require you to change ink every other word (meaning: you're a 13 YO girl).  Nice present."
I love the colors but they don't last very long at all.
"Using them for adult coloring books. Makes the artwork brighter, but the pens defiently run out of ink much faster than you will use a colored pencil."
"Lots of colors, but many of the pens get air bubbles and have to have air blown into the ink straw thing to force ink out."
Colors won't copy.
Im super disappointed in this product. The color does not easily flow out. It looks very choppy for coloring. I will return and try to find something better. The only pro is the wide selection of color.
The packaging is good but the gel pens are low quality and do not color as well as I hoped. The gel pens skip and some are so tightly capped that I can't open them . I will be looking for better quality pens with refills.
Love these gel pens!  I can verify that there are 120 different colors.  I purchased them 6+ months ago and  Ive used most of them-never had a problem with them being dry.  Only minor problem is that they take a minute or so to dry-need to be careful not to smear. Although its a plus if you want that effect. Another idea for the manufacturer-add more of the sparkly pens. Theyre our favorites! Would definitely purchase again
"Love these gel pens! Love the variety! Tested all of them and they all wrote beautifully. Each pack is different, some sparkle, some shimmer, some change as your write! Super smooth! Super fun!"
Nice pens if they had more ink! I had three run out with first use. Very disappointing!
Price great and alot of quantity
Love these for my adult coloring books!
"Love the pens, the flow of ink is perfect compared to others I have bought plus tons of colors many with a sheen of glitter too! they are beautifully divided into 4 sets of mixed colors."
Good deal!
Some of the pens were dried out no color at all
I am 99.9% sure that these pens are used or are not filled as much as they could be. The amount of ink in each pen is inconsistent and I was disappointed the minute I opened the box. I looked all over Amazon to find good pens and I thought this package had promising reviews for a decent price. I was wrong. Even the most neon of colors could not brighten my darkened and broken heart.
"Everyone should try the Gel pens, because they are amazing. They are vibrant, and make my pictures come alive. They flow across the paper and they are the right colors, and some are sparkly which makes pictures pop."
Most gel pens that I get don't have smooth coloring and I have to scratch on a piece ofPaper before any color appears. These pens have smooth coloring and a huge variety of colors. Definitely my favorite!
These gel pens have exceeded my expectations. Need more dark colors though.
These Gel Pens are pretty good. They seem to be smooth and don't bleed through the paper for adult coloring. The only issue I had with them is that there were quite a few duplicate colors and seemed to be an excess of glitter pens. Other than that they are good pens for the price.
Great that there are so many but some were out of ink from the start
Liked the choice of colors but did not like the different amounts of ink in each pen.  The ink does last very long either.  Also had a problem with the pen not coloring and had to keep shaking it to get it to write.  Would not purchase again.
daughter loves all the colors
"Great colors, love these gel pens!"
Nice packaging!  Should keep all the pens together. Looking forward to some Zen time!  Great selection of colors!
ty
Had my mom get these for me for christmas. Its a pretty impressive set of gel pens thus far.
amazing
Well worth the money. No problems with order. Would order again from this seller.
"I sat and tried every pen, and every one of them worked! I have bought many different gel pens and theres always a few that don't work. In the 120 beautiful colors they ALL worked! Great product and AMAZING price!"
"I really like these pens, although I did come across a few half empty pens and a completely empty pen. I am not sure how to contact the company so Im leaving this review. Im disappointed that this has happened as I was excited to start coloring with these pens without problems."
Got these as a Christmas gift for my students. The shafts of the pen are a little fragile and the ink cuts out while writing but overall a great value for a cheap gift.
Love them!!! Some have glitter in them and look awesome!
My niece will love these
Im so happy that I purchased this pen set! I love the huge variety of colors and they are so easy to color with! These pens make it very easy to color a page without messing up. Ill be buying more soon and Im going to tell family and friends to check them out and buy them!
"I liked the gel pens so much because they included the glittery pens and different shades
of each color. I have sadly used up some of the colors."
"So excited to get a larger variety in colors. I especially like the glitter and metallic ones the most. Large color ranges and selection. Easy to use, although I do store them upside down so gravity will keep the ink in the tips where I need it. Also makes it easier to get the last drop, while coloring."
I received the 40 Glitter Pens as a present and loved them so I decided to order the 120 count. I have to say these are some absolutely amazing pens.. The colors are nice and vibrant and very smooth.. Seller is easy to deal. Will def buy again..
Pens are low quality
"Love these gel pens, they are great for adult coloring pages! There are so many colors. They layer and blend together well. Good quality would love to be able to order refills! Used the flash when I took my pictures so you can see the amazing glitter to these!"
Different variety in colors
"I have purchased 4 sets. 1 is for a gift for a teenager in need. I also got her coloring books. I am so excited for her to open them on Christmas even though I will not be there to see the happiness in her face. My daughter tried mine and also loved how smooth they colored and how vibrant the colors were. All markers worked and the presentation is great. Well worth the money. Would definitely purchase more shuttle art products.
Thank you"
"It was a gift, and she loves it!"
too many duplicate colors
"i liked the idea of this.  the reality was quite different - most of the pens i first tried worked weakly, barely at all.  i packed them up and asked for a refund."
"I was excited to receive my new gel pens.  But upon testing each one out, discovered many flaws.  There were several pens that only had half or less ink to begin with.  For instance, I couldn't even see the ink in some pens because the only ink they had was hidden behind the finger grip area.  Several of the pen caps do not match the color of the ink.  Some did not work from the get go.  For all the other pens that were full and successfully wrote/colored, I have been very pleased with the texture and how smooth they are.  I would be hesitant to purchase these again for fear of another batch of defective pens.  Otherwise, I would have given these a 5 star rating."
Arrived quickly and just as expected!
These are the best gel pens I have bought.  This is my second set.  Will order another one when I use all the ink in this set
My wife use them on everything she color and loves them.
Bottom of the glittered pens cracked and some pens missing.
Pens are dried out or leaking.
Love these! Great for coloring.
Amazing set. My daughter was shocked by having three sets of markers of all colors. Good buy for this amount.
Pens break fairly easily leaking ink into the main chamber
"Absolutely awesome deal! Great set of pens, variety of colors and types ( glitter, neon, metallic), and price is lowest I've ever seen. Would definitely buy again and recommend. No, I was not paid in any way or form to write this, nor did I get anything for free."
These are great to use on the adult coloring books. Wonderful colors. A joy coloring with these (and my 5 yr old grandson wants a set because of all the colors). Very smooth.
"they are a little hard to get started, but shake them like a themometer and lick the tip, and they work very well. Some of the colors are very similiar,"
Love these pens.....Especially the sparkly ones!  Only negative is they do get used up quickly.  Going to order more and refills.
Nice set of pens.
These colours are so vibrant and fantastic! All I need now is a case to get them all arranged properly.
Best for adult coloring books!
Nice
Love these
Exactly what I expected. The colors are beautiful.
"These pens are great! I bought them for coloring, but I use them for writing since they write so smoothly. Would purchase again."
I love all the fun different colors.  Great vibrance.  Sometimes it takes a few strokes to get them to write though.
exactly as described
GREAT gel pens and the price is the best I found!
So happy with these! Not cheap at allllll and the colors are so pretty! Theres tons of glitter colors that really sparkle!
Couldn't believe there were so many amazing colors.
"The colors are bright and vibrant, the quality is ok. However, pens are not filled evenly. Some more, some less. And two stars for the one empty pen."
"Great assortment of colors. Liked it so well, I ordered another set for present for family member that likes coloring."
"Love Shuttle Art 120 Unique Colors gel pens.  Work beautifully, no pooling. Definitely would purchase again."
"Wonderful product, great seller"
"I received these about 3 weeks ago and have been using them ever since. I have colored 3 large pictures so far. The variety of colors and types are great. Unfortunately the quality could be better. Most of the pens skip, I have already had colors run out of ink,  sometimes the pen you're using just doesn't want to work at all regardless of the amount of ink. I do not plan on purchasing again."
Only used a few time and a few colors but so far so good.
Good
Terrific set of Gel Pens. Bought for my Grandkids and plenty for each one. Would definitely purchase again.
some you have trouble getting them to write the first time
Not working at all
These pens are so smooth and vibrant. They give you more bang for the buck. Would purchase again.
Ink runs out quickly
Some of the pens were dried out when we got them or had very little ink.
Works fine
Works great.
Ok product
"I tested each and every pen upon receiving the set. I found 9 pens which were faulty (no consistent ink flow). There was even one that had the ink  wrongly indicated as compared to the shell. I also compared this purchase with another popular brand on Amazon (with almost the same star reviews) , and this set was inferior in quality, with regards to the ink flow and a little flimsy. Nevertheless for the price , it is ok. Not completely satisfied with the purchase and will most probably return it"
"This is the same price I got from Costco, but different colors.  and packaging.  I have lots of grand kids and these are super for Grandpa and kids activities.  They love all the colors and we draw all kinds of things.  I want at least one to be artistic and these have made it fun."
i LOVE these pens. I haven't had any issues with the pens not working. There are so many colors and they draw so smoothly.
seems like they are mostly close to each other in color... for the price.. guess its ok.. i always need more colored pens!
good buy.
The pens were not full.
beautiful and varied set. my daughter loved them.
These DO NOT write smooth.
"The only negative thing I can say about these is I'm upset I didn't discover them sooner!! I haven't used gel pens since I was a kid because I didn't like how smear-y they were. Well as long as you aren't rubbing your hand over the fresh ink no need to worry about smeariness. And other than that, coloring with them is awesome! They are so smooth, the ink comes out easily, the colors are vibrant and beautiful. I never would've thought to use these for coloring books, I've always used colored pencils or markers. But these are better because it's way easier to color with than colored pencils, and it doesn't bleed through paper like markers. Overall, I would highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys coloring!"
Very good pens !!
Packaging would be tierred I thought because of the picture so that was a little disappointing having to have all four things open and needing alot of room or having the stack them onto each other instead of all gel pens being in one container. Some of the gel pens don't like to keep continuously working while others the gel comes out easily. Not the best brand but it works and I'm fairly happy with this purchase. All the colors are beautiful and there is a great variety.
great coloring pens
"I love all the beautiful colors in this set of gel pens. Many very different colors than what is offered in other sets. However the pens are scratchy and the ink skips. The pastels are very hard to get started. I have used many different types of gel pens but these are without a doubt the worst a real waste of money. Some are so scratchy they feel like the paper is going to tear. I'll go back to my ""Color It"" pens. Very disappointed."
nice product. colors are very vivid and flow very smooth.  Great value for the money.  Tons of color options!
The pens are great.  Love the colors.  I would only suggest that you may want to make a case that can hold that many that stands up layer the pens higher and higher.  Closes tightly and stands on it's own when opened.
Pens are not true to color of cap. Pens are also not filled all the way.
"Gave as a gift and lady friend loved it, especially all the colors.  Very pleased with using them also."
"excellent, couldn't be better."
Also love these colored pens. They color in perfectly.
"nice coloring, but run out of ink fast.- pens do not list color, and don't always look the same as the covers"
Beautiful colors. Glittering pens needs more glitter.
Good
Wasnt bored with them thank you
So many fun colors. Pens work beautifully.
Initially I was very excited to see so many colors but as I worked with them many were already dried up. Likely they'd been sitting in a box for awhile. Disappointed in overall quality.
Every color you will ever need.
Awesome
"We really like the variety of colors.  It was a great price, too."
"worked great, at a great price and fast delivery."
I am SO happy with this purchase. I love all the colors and they write very well.
"Liked these pens- great for color coding notes for school, however, I have been finding that some of my favorites have been running out quickly. Overall though, I really do enjoy these pens!"
very good
"I am an avid colorer and use all mediums (crayons, markers, pencils) so I had to have these gel pens.  I like them and love the case, however, the description does not say that the glitter pens are in fact simply the glitter version of the 60 other colors of pens.  It does not state that there are 60 different colors and then a glitter version of each of the 60.  I may have selected another package had I known this.  Please change your description to keep from confusing others."
Love them
glitter pens work best - some pens don't work at all - others clog (or something) they stop working often while your in the middle of coloring ok but wouldn't buy again
I own these pens for about a month now but there really brittle and break easily honestly about twenty of them auctually work and the majority are either dried up or work and then stop which makes it hard to color something in one color because i need to switch to another color in the same color but different shade. They are however really pretty (the ones that work) and they come in a really cute case and with a pretty color scheme order.
There is a lot of colors and some do not write well but I mean there is so much to choose from my kids shouldnt have a problem.
"The girl I bought these to loved them, and still does. They are great for coloring books."
These were a gift. My friend was very happy with the pen's.
I' m gonna order these again
These are the best gel pens I ever purchased. The glitter pens are awesome.
Very good pens. Happy i bought them.
Love!
"Vibrant colors, easy flow ink"
"I love how many colors come in this, absolutely no repeats and super sparkly glitter varieties!! The worst part is probably that the ink is only 50-60 percent full or so in each pen, so they do run out quite quickly if you're coloring with them. Overall a really fun way to spend 13 bucks."
I've bought this set twice. Lots of variety in colors & mostly smooth pens. Very happy with them.
THEY ARE SO COLL I LOVE TO DRAW AND I JUST LOVE THE COLORS THANK YOU SO MUCH :D
lots of colors to choose from .....  makes coloring fun!!
Great color variety and the pens cover nicely when coloring.
"My wife uses meticulously patterned coloring books as a form of meditation.  As her source of color she prefers this set of gel pens.  Mainly, she favors the large number of different colors and the nuanced combinations that are possible with them.

This is the second set of these pens I've purchased.  The first set I gave my wife as a Christmas stocking-stuffer.  The gift was so successful that I was very pleasantly surprised when she liked them so much.  She used up the first set and asked me to order another.  That's a strong recommendation."
Every kind of pen you could imagine and such a good price.  High quality and enjoyment.
"I bought what I thought was a coloring book (made for what I remember was coloring crayons) but it was made for more detailed work with pens. So I bought this to go along with the other gift (of the coloring book).
It is a very nice set and was loved right away.
Amazing colors and just what that gift coloring book needed."
"Great pens, it has a click sound when the cap is replaced so it rained my 5yo to click the cap back on. Great colors"
"The title say ""No Duplicates"" and that may be technically true but a majority of the colors are extremely similar, it's basically the same colors in plain, neon, glitter, metal, and pastel. I'm also unhappy with the packaging, it is a very low quality rough plastic. the pens themselves are also very low quality, like the old pens you avoid because the ink gets stuck. Great choice for kids, though, I bought them for adult coloring books and they did not really fit the bill."
"Much better than I had thought.  Once these pens run out, I will buy another set."
"Most pens worked great. A few of them were harder to get moving, but were ok after.  They are very vibrant and beautiful colors."
really great I enjoy them a lot I use them quite a bit. Love the vast array of colors and styles.
Exactly as advertised
"I got these for my grandmother who is really into the whole adult coloring book craze, and she absolutely loves them! Not only is the variety of colors amazing, they write very smooth and sleek."
love it
The pens are not as I expected. Many pens have 3 or 4 colors of ink mixed in them. I'm not sure what is up with that. I don't know that I would ever order this again.
Granddaughter  loved them as they were a gift
"My daughter loves these, and I like them."
Nice
"Gel pens work great. Don't like the 74, 75 and 76 rainbow pens."
Bought these items for my wife and she say's she loves them.  Some have been bought several times so far.
Needed this for the Butterfly Garden colouring book !  Would not use the multi color ones...
i would really like you to see the coloring i have just  finished using the 120 unique colors in the shuttle art collection.if you are interested please e mail me -bswilshire@gmail.com. i am told it is a work of art!! thank you for this great collection  betsy wilshire
Wonderful.....!!!!
"I LOVE color and lots of it.  I am very pleased with this pack of Shuttle Art 120 Unique Colors.  All of my pens arrived in good shape; none were broken.  Some take quite a bit of scratching on scrap paper to get the ink going along with dampening the tips.

Most of the colors work well but there are a lot of very pale yellow & greens & metallics that are just too light to be useful for most coloring books.
Also this is a pack of pastels and bright colors.  There are not any earthtones - browns or dark oranges."
Wonderful selection of colors
"good colors, uncomfortable to hold"
"Really like these, I've found new coloring techniques with these. Will order again in the future."
"Love the variety , wish there were refills, as they seem to empty quickly...."
"Surprisingly good quality for the price, and huge selection of colors."
I have so many pens now. I love to color and they make my art work pop. 
"These are super nice and great for coloring. They have so many color options. Get this, you'll love it."
"Updated Review:  The second time I ordered these, as my teenager took over my first set, I was shorted 60 pens. I contacted the seller and they sent me out a replacement. This was okay for me, but since it took about 10 days to arrive, this would obviously be an issue had I bought it for an about to be given gift. I would have had to rebuy it at the higher price and return it to get it in 2 days (with Prime), and that is one reason why I deduct a star. These are good, average quality gel pens. Some stop flowing for a second but tapping them usually gets them going again. One big complaint people make with gel pens is the streakiness. I have found that with most brands if you use a lighter stroke this can be avoided. The Shuttle Art Set of 260 (130 pens with refills) which I also own, is nicer so if you are only buying one gel pen set , and can pay the extra $10, I would suggest springing for that one."
The coloring pens was very nice. Smooth coloring and bright colors.
"Very nice. Great color & many of them. Gave 4 stars for 2 reasons.
1 - Ink runs out fast. So don't want to do a large project if you are going to need a lot of a single color.
2 - The pens with multi colors in them don't come out multi colors. They come out 1 color at a time. You use 1 color up & then the next color starts. Would be nice if it came out as a blended color."
Great selection
My grandkids love the set.
"Arrived on time, decent pens"
"Ordered by my wife, she LOVES THEM"
Worked great 
I do not like the Rainbow markers. Do not have a practical use for me. I have tried to use one marker that did not work so far.  I have used only one fourth of the selection so far. I am pleased with the performance otherwise and would buy again.
So many pens and  so many color is a great product.
LOVE these!
Shipped very quickly.  really are no duplicate colors. ink flows very smoothly and evenly. it almost feels like i'm using a brush. Works great in my coloring books.  Highly recommend these pens.
"My granddaughter loves these (and so do I). All had good flow to start with--no bad pens. Still going a few months later. Excellent quality. Love the variety of gels: glitter, etc."
Product just as described. Excellent service.
Nice pens - lots of colors.  Only have to hit the pens down on the paper ever so often to get them to keep inking - usually work smoothly.
Great. I already ordered two more sets as presents.
"First of all, I'd like to start this review by mentioning that this is my first coloring pen set so keep in mind that I have nothing to compare these to besides regular gel writing pens. That said, I'm both thrilled and disappointed. I'm thrilled because I like to color for hours on end and pens don't require the pressure to get solid coverage like colored pencils do. I LOVE having so many colors to choose from, though I will admit that I agree with other reviewers when they say that a few are practically identical, if not exactly identical. I can't really complain given the price point for so many pens but I found six already (I only colored one page so far) that are quite leaky. (I'm including a pic of some leakiness.) I also quickly realized that these won't last long. The page I colored had waves on the border so I only colored the border, not inside, and even so, I lost most of the ink out of that one. (I'm including a pic of the pen I used on the border compared to a pen that hasn't been used, as well as a pic of the border.) I do like the cases they came in, and the removable label inside each set, so I could flip it over and put my swatches on the other side (I'll include a pic of that). I had a hard time seeing all the swatches so I made a case out of the box they came in and wrapped it in wrapping paper, it's ugly but it helps. The top shelf didn't work but I can see three sets at a time and keep the other on the table I'm using so it worked out. All in all, I really like using pens but I think I'm going to try out some cheaper ones next time and see how they do."
Great for my young artist. She loves it.
Awesome colors
This set was given as a gift to a teenage girl who loves to create her own art.  She loved the variety and size of this kit.  Would definitely buy again!
gift
Love these pens. The glitter ones are my favorite. I don't think there's too much gel in each pen. So some of the popular colors may run out quickly. Great buy for the sale price. They are especially suited for finer/intricate coloring.
great colors and all but some of them don't have good ink flow for coloring or they will work then stop working. Kinda irritating but there still good
"like this a lot,  color nice"
"I got two packages of the same gel pens :( I'm missing the pastels, another complain is that they don't roll as smoothly as they say around 20 of them didn't work for me AT ALL! I was so excited for this :("
I have yet to use all of the colors but what I have used seems great. I was worried that some may arrive dried out or leaked but only one had a leak.
"Wow, so many colors and nice to use for coloring projects or writing notes."
"The pens work great.  Flows out smoothly and is not streaky.  My only complaints is, the pens come in 4 separate packets.  I wish it was in a single box style container. So I put all the pens in a tin lunch box."
Grand kids loved product!! 
Great variety of colors - the different shades makes it a fantastic collection.
I only received half of the 120 pens. Disappointed
There are soooo many colors.  I use them for all kinds if things beyond coloring pictures !!
No colors are the exact same just as advertised.
I bought them for my Granddaughter she loves them.
aBSOLUTELY MARVELLOUS.
Love it
They were as expected. The pens work well in coloring book. My only problem with them is some of the colors are so close they look the same.
"This came in 4 sections, each section has 30 pens in them and are numbered . 2 of mine are the exact same. I received 2 of the first ones and number 2 and 3. I didn't get number 4. I didn't notice this in time to return them. I am very disappointed"
Daughter loves these for her color pages. Great color vibrant colors.
great choices in colors.
Love them!
Great price; don't know if pens last longer coz I gave it as a gift
"The colors are vibrant.  Not one dry pen!  Received as stated, thank you. Might have to buy one more.  My daughter keeps taking a few to finish her work!"
I LOVE my gel pens!  I now have a unique variety of colors to mix and match with my colored pencils to give me the ability to create beautiful pictures.
That is a lot of pens.
good i like it.
Love the gel pens!
Huge hit at birthday party! Thought my mother was going to attempt to take off with them. Will be buying them for her for her birthday next. :)
Awesome. Would like a sturdier case to hold them.
Great value
Gift
These pens flow nicely! Bright colors!
Very large set at a great price
My kids loved
Love these pens!
granddaughter loves
"They were just what I wanted, should last me about a year, thanks."
"This is a wonderful pack of gel pens.  The colors are vibrant, especially love the glitter ones."
These are decent pens for coloring and good variety of colors.  Tips are fine
Half the pens won't dispense ink. Realy poor quality. Better off buying something else. Most of the colors are garbage anyways or too neon to even see.
"I love the color selection and how well these work. My only concern is they run out of ink incredibly fast! Because of that I'm unable to use these for the adult coloring I'd planned. But that's alright because they're working perfectly for the rolled paper beads where I only need to color the sides of the strips. The metallics and glitters are fantastic. The neons are dazzling! Like I said.. the colors and selection of colors are incredible. The pens themselves work wonderfully! But because they run out of ink so crazy fast be careful what you plan to use them for.

Update: I was contacted by the retailer and offered a replacement set of this pen set. I'm very impressed that the merchant is this focused on customer satisfaction, enough so they make first contact rather than waiting for a complaint to be filed. The issues with my set seem to have been a one off problem. Perhaps it was my initial set of pens were stored for to long in a hot environment. Whatever the case was, I'm now one happy customer. Thus my edit of my review.

I'll say again. I LOVE the color selections this set offers. The metallics truly do have a metallic sheen. The neons are strikingly vibrant. I didn't come across a single duplicate color. The milky pens are wonderful when you want a softer look. The glitter pens leave a beautiful sparkly appearance. But, I really love the magical and swirl pens. What fun those are!"
My grandchildren love these so do I.  Boy what will they come up with next.  I have bought them some and for myself.
wife likes this alot.
My kids loved these!  So many colors that are so vibrant. They are in packs you can separate to not have a billion pens floating around.
"Love this set, especially the glitter pens and mettalics - they give a special touch to my art.  I haven't had any problems with pens not working although sometimes it takes a little scribbling to have the ink flow smoothly.  This was a great addition to my creative tools!"
Fantastic
"Considering the amazing price of just over a nickel per pen, this was a amazing purchase. I found that some write more smoothly than others however this is to be expected. I was never into the huge gel pen phase years ago but I am definitely in love with them now. Highly recommend for anyone into doodling, art, typography, writing, drawing, or really anything!"
Gel pens are just what adults my age can use. I am 79 year-old and finding they are just right for my coloring books . And scribblings on cards
Grandkids like it
I am enjoying it as much as the grandchildren
I am not sure why they say no duplicate colors when some of the pens obviously are. The glitter pens don't keep consistant flow going. Maybe it is because I am in Arizona and the heat dried certain colors out before I got them. I will be returning as they are not all working properly and  Ink amount is not all the same in all the pens.
Enjoy the different shades and the glitter ones blend well with any of the others
Love these
Great pens they have some great colors
Too thin for any work I would do with them.
Runs out of ink quick
Love this works great!
Great colors! Delivered in 2 days with amazon prime. Very happy with the color range as well.
Totally awesome! Love this set. So vibrant and smooth!
Wife loves them
"I'm not artistic, but I geeked out over these pens and did a little scribble with each one as soon as I got them. Great, unique colors, and I love the ones that have a bit of sparkle to them!"
"Got them for a gift for my coloring friend. She loves them! Good quality, seem to be lasting a while. Would purchase again."
I love all the color choices! I use them all the time. They are great quality pens.
"The gel leaked on a couple of pens.  Otherwise, I am more than satisfied with the product."
"I have to say I'm a little disappointed in the color selection. 120 pens of all different colors sounds like a lot, but they really aren't. Many of them are practically the same color while there are many colors they don't have. For example, there are about 5 florescent greens, 3 of which are practically the same, but no forest green or olive green color, there isn't even a dark green. Also, some of them are basically the same but just another version (glitter/metallic/etc).

I am also not a fan of how they are packaged. They don't stay in the package when pulling out other pens and they move around all the time.

However, the quality of the pens is nice. I haven't tried all of them, but I haven't run into any leaks or dry pens. Some of them need a second to get started but otherwise good for my coloring needs :)"
"I love these pens I have had them for a while now. So many different colors to choose from. Ink does last longer then most gel pens. The colors are bright, don't streak, and don't bleed through. I will be ordering more!!"
Great color gel pins.
Love these!! Great colors. Finally other colors than the norm. Ill buy them again. Recommend them to everyone!
Excellent addition to buying coloring books!
These are terrific! I am in absolute love with the glitter and metallic sets.
I'd say only half of them worked. I did like the variety of colors.
"Some of them work beautifully and others, not so much. The good ones flow easily and the color looks even, even in large spaces. The bad ones look choppy, and cause my hands to cramp up. Overall, I'm not really happy with them. Only one bad color can ruin an entire design."
"I bought this set as a gift for someone who uses adult coloring books for relaxation. She gets hand cramps using color pencils, so these are a good solution for her as they don't require a lot of pressure and provide good coverage. It's a different look from colored pencils, but the same satisfaction and relaxation... Great color selection, great price."
Can't wait to be able to sit down to use this amazing set of gel pens!
"The ink is sometimes blobby, depending on the color but they have all lasted until the ink ran out.. not all gel pens last that long. Love these colors!"
These are great. They do not bleed through the paper. Each color does vary even if it's slightly. So far each pen has worked.
These are wonderful they flow well and don't get clogged or dried out.
"great purchase, no duplicates."
I love the variety of colors.  I should never run out of options
Wonderful colors. The pens have a easy glide to them.  My granddaughter (age 4) likes them as well.
"These are great pens. So pleasantly surprised with the quality of the pens and the variety of colors. They flow beautifully and sparkle and shimmer. Perfect for coloring, fine tipped for small areas."
"Works well, great assprtment of gel pens no 2 alike"
Cannot wait to color!
I love the variety of colors in this set.  My Grandchildren are loving coloring with these.
"I was pleasantly surprised to find these write very well. The pen itself is super light and cheap plastic but when you actually write with it it's fantastic! The sparkle pens are great too! Don't judge a book by its cover, these pens are definitely worth it.!!!"
Bought this as a gift and my daughter is very happy with all the fun colors!
AMAZING!  The range of colors is truely anazing.  This was a gift for a pal who live in an assisted living facility and has artistic skills.  He is overjoyed with these pens and hasn't stopped working with them since their arrival! Thanks so much for this GREAT QUALITY product!
Fast shipping and pens work great!
Grand children love them
I love all the colors in this set. I use them for coloring in my adult coloring books. They flow so easy on the paper.
Pen's dry up overnight if you leave the cap off.  Stop working and you have to use them for a bit to get the ink to come back off.  Some lids fall off easy.  Other than that not bad.
All excellent
My grand kids love the brilliant colors.
"Arrived early ,great quality and has any color you could want ."
"I was hoping they would have been fine tip felt markers, but they are ball point pens which is not what I was looking for, as previously stated. It might have said that they were ball point pens in the description, but I didn't see it. Like all the colors though."
thease are a wonderful product would buy again.
"Great set of pens my friend was thrilled, she really liked the headband that came around them."
Colors are amazing.
"Impressed with the quality (given the low price). Sure beats paying $5 per pen at the craft store. So far, all the pens have worked great. Love all the colors."
Very nice !
"I love these gel pens, they are great for coloring, as this is what I use them for.  So many many color, almost too many but they are great"
Awesome colors fun to use
So far I have gone through 60 colors and about 5 do not work. But the colors that do work are really pretty.
Happy with this...just as described!
Well worth the money!
y granddaughter loves them and is coloring everything in sight:-)
"I love these Gel Pens, love the price and the colors, only received a few days ago so I haven't had a chance or use for all of them yet but believe me all of them will get used. Also the price once again for the number of pens you receive is really a great bargain and I highly recommend these."
Gel Pen set has a great selection of colors. The pen quality is also very good. Thank you for the fast service. The 2 items I ordered arrived in perfect condition.
"I started using my pens last week on a project.  Some pens I practically had to tear the paper to get them started, some did not work at all, they seemed to have dried out, several stopped working at all.  Am I just the unlucky person to have received a bum set of pens?  Other reviewers seem to be satisfied with their pens.  I purchased 2 sets, if I had known that I would not be happy with these pens, I would have only bought one to try first.  I usually have been happy with any merchandise that I have purchased from Amazon.  I have tried many other brands of gel pens, some more expensive than these.  I guess the saying is true:  ""You get what you pay for."""
Great deal! They write and color evenly and are perfect for those fancy adult coloring books!
"OK for the grandkids, but not adult quality."
Perfect start of summer gift for my children
"My daughter is into the adult coloring books, so I figured this would be the  perfect surprise gift for her, her birthday is coming up on the 3rd so I'll know soon if she loves them or not."
"It was a good deal, lots of colors for the price. The pens produce relatively fine lines. This makes using coloring books a lot more fun. My kids use them for that and for creating other types of art. One of the pens barely worked. Again, a real good deal at the time I got it."
Wonderful selection of colors. Pens work well on first try-no shaking to advance color needed!
Good selection lots of colors.
"The pens that work, work great.  There were quite a few pens that seemed like they were dried up and didn't want to flow right.  If this set worked completely I wouldn't hesitate to buy this set again.  Maybe I just bought a bad batch? I don't know.

At present, I might try a different brand before I bought and tried another batch of these."
"Best color pens to use with scrapbooking, and coloring books. Easy to use. Fun to work with. Recommend for anybody to loves to color."
I loved these pens. It doesn't really have unique colors. Some are duplicates or triplicates but it's worth buying.
"These gel pens are lovely! Haven't had any bleed through in any of my adult coloring books (I have a habit to use a blank paper between images if left in book, but no bleed through present upon inspection!), and there are so many unique colors to choose from. The color comes out smoothly, and I haven't experienced them ""stopping""/not working etc. Everything so far has been great using these gel pens. I'd definitely recommend these to anybody seeking a broad spectrum of gel pen colors, and types being classic, metallic, glitter, pastel, or neon for a good price! Hope this helps."
The colors are vibrant and distinct.
Awesome colours..
my kids love these!!
Wonderful assortment.
"got these for my daughter for Easter, she loves them and colors for hours"
"Great colors. Last a long time. Would highly recommend!! Will buy again, when these run out."
So far these pens have worked great. The colors are awesome!! So many different shades. The ink comes out very nicely. Now I wished I bought the 240 with the refills.
Fun to color with and it's beautiful!!!!
Haven't used them but my grandkids will love all the colors for their comic book drawing
I have really enjoyed these pens. I have colored several pictures and seem to never use the same colors together. What a great product!
"Nice colors, easy to use."
Bought these for my mother. She never thought she was an artistic person but has now discovered she is!!! The only problem with these pens is there are so many colors she has a difficult time choosing which color to use!
Great Assortment
lots of nice colors but some do not work.  I discovered this less than one month after purchasing this item
Pens work good
not the worst I think I got a bad batch
I use them for coloring books. They work great.
"My mom, myself and my daughter love these pens. so many colors and all the pens work well"
great for highlighting office notes so many colors to choose from
"These work great for Bible Journaling and my kids love them too. Some are normal gel pens, there are glitter colors also, which are so pretty."
"Cheap and there are so many colors! My fianc is very crafty and loves them, would definitely buy again"
"Excellent product, arrived on time, love the great assortment of types and colors.
Would buy again."
Quality pens we love all the selections of colors too!
My aunt loves these;  they were a Mother's Day gift for her...
Definitely recommend
There's almost too many colors and textures to chose from !! Smooth application with good coverage. Good price. Good quality.
Good for the price. The ink is more liquid than gel so it bleeds through regular thickness paper and some of the pen tips are not smooth and can catch on the paper. Also the bottoms of the packages were not sealed correctly so the pens fall out of 2 of the three packages.
Almost all of the colors are great! I have only had a few that need to shaken often to work and seem to scratch the paper. The glitter ones are the best ones to work with. I haven't tried the layered ones. Overall not a bad deal for the price.
"I love these pens for coloring in my adult color books. The description says, each pen is a different shade color. However I found that's not true. The pen cap colors are all different, yes. But I found duplicate  ink  colors in some of the pens. There was the same pink color in four of the pens. I over looked this issue, because there are enough colors that are different, to make up for the few, that had the same ink color. I love them."
I bought these for my sister's birthday and she loved them. There are so many beautiful colors. And they go on the paper smoothly. The only complaint I have is that one of the pens did explode. But that was only one out of 120 of them.
Love
"Great pens, good price"
bought for a friend seems to like ok
I love these pens. They write well and color even better. Perfect set for getting started into coloring.
Really am enjoying coloring with these gel pens so many pretty colors and able to blend them as well. would buy again. pens arrived as expexted.
gave as gift
"Excellent pens and above all - colors!  I have had so much trouble finding pastel, softer colors and here they are.  If you are tired of working with all bright, deep colors you will love these."
These pens write amazing! I use them for my journal and for my coloring books. There are so many colors to choose from that I still haven't had the chance to try them all out. But I've been satisfied with them so far! The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because I noticed the ink goes down really quick.
"I really like these pens. Highly recommend for many things coloring, doodling etc. I would definitely buy these again."
They color so nicely but some easier or thicker than others. But it was great purchase I even needed up ordering a second set for neighbor
The best gel pens I've used & I've tried TONS of them.
Pleasantly surprised with the variety of colors and the selection of clear or glitter pens. Nicely packaged in four separate vinyl cases with snap closures. Easy to take on a trip.
Really nice pens. Ink comea out smoothly. The actual pen casing is very thin. Would be great if they were made with finger grips. Ita hard to keep holding onto them after a bit without grips made with them.
"I got these for my 10-year-old granddaughter, and she loves them. She is doing amazing things with all the colors and the various special effects like glitter."
Fun!
My granddaughter thought these were awesome!
very nice colors  and pen moves well on paper. so far no bad pens :) would recommend to anybody who colors
"So far, so good. I am hoping the gel lasts a long time - I haven't had them very long."
I bought them for someone else who loves coloring.  She was thrilled!  Loves the beautiful colors and that there are so many shades.
Great selection of colors. Really fun and so reasonably priced!
"I read lots of reviews on various gel pens and these got the best.
I purchased them as a gift and my friend loves them.
When my current set runs out I plan to buy these for myself."
This is a nice selection of colors but there's very little ink in each pen. The tips are very scratchy and the scratching makes them unpleasant to use. I'm really disappointed with this set and how scratchy they are. I cannot make a review that's positive. I should have spent my money on a different product.
"Totally enjoying the product. There are some colors however that are so similar, another color might have been featured in its place. No complaints in variety of media in one package ..... loving making magic happen!!!"
The pens are great. So many choices !!!! Such fun.
Very pleased with the pens.
very nice  was pleased
its a  gift
Exactly as described and has a good deal of ink in every pen. They write very smoothly and there's not more than one of each color. I like them a lot.
Great. Some work and some don't but it's a good buy. Thank you!
"The 8 year old in me is screaming. I LOVE THESE GEL PENS!! specifically the glitter ones but they are all lovely. One reviewer mentioned how they flow freely and that made me take the plunge to purchase them and I am not disappointed. They all flow really well and are perfect for my adult coloring books. I think I like them better than any marker or colored pencil I have tried coloring with. The only drawback is some of the pens run out verrrryyy quickly. But other than that, I love them."
Enjoying my pens they have so many variety of colors.  I am going to buy some for my  adult daughter.
"I received these pens for Mother's Day, and I really love them so far! They write and draw very smoothly. The colors are awesome, and I love that there are some with glitter. Great value for a great product!"
"There are some unique colors and  'no duplicates' is technically true.  However, some of the colors come in regular, metallic and glitter- which I like- but it is not 120 completely different colors.  (I loved the set)"
"Some of the colors finish really fast, but they're serious. There are NO DUPLICATES. One of the best purchases I've ever made. Bought it as a birthday gift for myself. No regrets."
"The kids love them. 120 is alot of pens, so consider how they are to be stored."
Excellent pen set!  The color range is better than other sets and have a nice ink flow; you don't get too little or too much ink.  Will definitely buy again!
"these bleed on the paper and you can't work with them, to shade. you have no control. Waste of money!!

Shuttle Art sent me a new set and they work much better. This is a stand up company. I didn't even ask for a refund
they just offered a new set. I will definitely buy from them again!!  Thanks"
"I just decided to jump on the ""adult coloring"" band wagon, to see if I could relieve some anxiety so of course I was looking for some gel pens.
Well, after much hunting and review reading, I decided on these.
I loved the idea of the many colors, price, and the reviews all sold me on these pens.
I was excited to finally get them and try them out!
I was not let down by them when using them I must say.
They worked right off, I didn't have to try and get them to start like others I have had.
They roll pretty smoothly and are easily controlled.
I love the color assortment, plenty to choose from and there aren't any duplicate colors!
There is an issue however with some of the caps being loose and not staying on the pens.
Also there isn't a whole lot of ink in these pens. I have already run 3 pens dry and I have only colored 3 pages using them.
Mind you, they were large areas the colors were used in, but not large enough I feel to have drained pens!
I couldn't even finish one that I was working on and had to switch to a different shade and it made it stand out. I'm not pleased!
The other issue is when the ink dries on some, it changes. Some become dull and lose their effect. They aren't as pretty and vibrant as first coloring.
I think these pens are ok if you are just using for fun, but for something more important and for something more keep sake, I would choose a better quality brand.
Would I buy them again? I may, just for the fun aspect of coloring.
My daughter now absolutely LOVES coloring in them! She's 6 and is amazed that she get's to color in ""Mommy's coloring books! LOL.... So these are great for her!

UPDATE!:
Since writing this review, I was contacted the very next day by the seller.
They said since I wasn't happy with the pen set, they asked me if I would like for them to send me a new set at no cost to me and if usable to keep the old set....or refund my money? If that would make me happy?
Now mind you, I DID NOT contact them to ask for a refund or a new set. I was ok with using the pens as they were and would have just finished them up. I may or may not have repurchased another set, but I was ok with my purchase.
This company wend BEYOND I feel, to please their customer and make sure the sale was a GOOD sale. Something just about UNHEARD of now.
They are sending me another set, and if they perform better, I will amend the rating. If they do NOT perform better, I will NOT adjust the rating.
I will however, feel better about repurchasing another set in the future.
After all, they perform well and you get a fantastic assortment of colors for a great price!
Now the caps need to stay on, and they need to last longer than they do!"
"Not Great, but not Horrible.  Has nicer Gel Pens.  They streak a lot!"
"Bought these on deal of the day
I make home made greeting cards and like to have a large choice of colors for signing them I have had others that dry out too quickly
So far they are great"
I love these!  They elevate my coloring book game!
nice to have - beautiful set of coloring pencils
"I've purchased a set for my wife and every artistically inclined grand child.  They all love these pens.
The seller has been great."
This is the best that there is. I bought it for my wife as a surprise. This made her a happy woman.
Like the many different colors!
Very happy with these pens.  I help with some ladies at a nursing home and they love the large choice of colors.
Bought these for a 10 year old as a gift - HUGE!!! hit! - plus the cases are pretty sturdy.
Very nice set
I was skeptical about so many colors - would they really all work... Turns out they really do and we are loving it!
Daughter loves them. very useful.  Fast shipping  Yadda yadda  yadda Yadda yadda  yadda Yadda yadda  yadda Yadda yadda  yadda  done
This pen set includes a large assortment of pens.  The colors are great....just what I was looking for.  I use the pens for my Bible Journaling.
"I received 4 individual packages of pens wrapped with a Shuttle Art rubber band. The pens and colors were OK. The problem was the packaging. The packages are labeled by Part numbers. Three of the packages were labeled Part 1, Part 2, and Part 3 and one package was unlabeled.  The unlabeled package of pens was a duplicate of Part 3. Maybe this was a packaging problem, but I did't want duplicate pens so I sent them back."
"This set has a great selection of colors.  Sometimes I like to do adult coloring books, and these are great for it"
"Bought these pens for my parents who have just begun ""adult"" coloring.  They were impressed by the vsriety of colors and how easily the gel- pens covered the area to be colored.  Great value.
Highly recommend"
"85% of the pencils were very good.  However, there were some ""funky"" ones which had 3 colors in the pen.  Also, it was very difficult to tell the difference between some of the lighter pinks and oranges, and some pens released too much fluid.  However, the majority have been excellent and the diversity of colors was excellent."
Love the selection of colors and would recommend these pens to anyone.  I caught them on sale and I am very pleased with the selection of colors for the price
"I tried these before I sent my Mother her gift.  They are very good pens.  Don't know how long they will last, but she can't enjoy things she used to do, like needlepoint and painting canvases or reading books (mac degeneration).  These pens kind of inspired her to color again.  Thank you!"
Some pens have air bubbles in them
THEY ARE REALLY NICE.
Beautiful colors and very smooth pens.  Great buy!
Great pens for the price. A lot of them needed to be screwed on a little tighter when I got them. But that was just a minor inconvenience. I would definitely purchase the pen set again.
Was packages well. And works well with the coloring books i also ordered. A+++
Perfect for adult coloring books.
"Great value for the price! Several great color choices, too!"
Like painting with pens. Flowed very smooth.
I gave these as athem. gift. I am sure she will love them as I have another set I use and I do love
Nice variety colors
Love all the different colors.
These are nice colors.
"Loving the mix of colors.  Very vibrant and smooth working pens.  Make my coloring easy and unique with all the different options.  So far all the pens I have used so far have worked great.  The case it comes in is nice but very long and hard to pack for traveling, I bought a case that fits all the pens in a smaller space and I am enjoying the use of these very much."
GREAT
Loved everything about them! The sorting of the gel pens were great but I wish I knew which king was which before using them! No big deal at all! Best gel pens!
Perfect!
Loved these one thing i didn't like about it is the multicolored pens messed up my whole coloring well not the whole thing but who wants purple leaves noone the green pen twice two different ones got me with purple.
"good product, great price, fast shipping"
Supper fast getting pens.  My mother in law and I love them.  Thank you
Great set of ink.
I love these pen's they are great so many colors to choose from couldn't imagin anyone needing any more. They are so smooth and glide across the paper evenly and stay true to color my favorite part is they don't smudge as a left Hander that is great no marks on side of hand or messing up pictures love it as if. That is not enough the price is a bargain. Could ask for more no matter what you use them for or age these are the pens for you. Let the color party begin..
"I love these colored pens/skinny precise markers for so many reasons. 1.color selection, 2. Quality and durability, 3. Caps stay on and are easy to remove and put on the end. 4. Since there are 4 separate compartments sold in the one purchase, I could choose to give my two children one or two compartments each."
"Colors are bright,and 120 is great,gives you a true shade!  It is very relaxing. I will use them often."
"Very nice set, highly recommended"
These gel pens work great for adult coloring books!  Definitely recommend this brand.  Shipping was fast and easy.
"The only thing negative I see with these pens, is that sometimes the ink flow stops, and I have to do things to make it start flowing again.  It is not all that frequent that I have to do that.  Other than that, they are pretty good, and the price was GREAT. It also has about 6 multi colored pens, which I have never gotten before, and I really like."
"I absolutely love the way they  color, but the amount of ink in the pens seem much less than other pens I have  thus they don't last very long"
Kids loved them!!
Bought this as a gift for my 8 niece and she loves it. Arrived right on time. Great
Very nice pens.  I gave as a gift.
"This was totally an impulse buy, but I'm so glad I got them. I don't use it for coloring; I am a college student and I love colorful notes, and these help me stay organized. I thought since there was 120 of them, that the quality might be subpar, but each pen lasts a very long time, and I haven't really had difficulty getting them to work at all. The light colors are hard to read unless in bright light, but that probably won't be an issue if you're using them for artwork and not for notes. Each color IS unique, which was also a surprise; I wasn't sure if they were bluffing. There's even some with multiple colors swirled into one pen... super rad."
Great for adult coloring books
Love theses markers  My grandaughter has these and we were using them to color  I enjoyed using these so much I had to have my own!!
Yes I enjoy the product and I'm very satisfied with it.
My 7yr old granddaughter who wants to be an artist when she grows up couldn't get over the number of pens and the number of colors she hadn't seen before. A win win for both of us as we do a lot coloring together.
I bought these for my daughter! She loves the markers!
The best gel pens I've ever used and what it does to greeting cards and using adult coloring books. I've already used them for several cards and a few coloring pages. I will buy these again when I need more.
"I love the array of colors in this package!  Most of the pens have worked well.  There are many that write really scratchy and the ink will stop flowing.  I have to stop and use scratch paper to make it flow again.  Overall, I like this set."
This was a GREAT present for my niece.  She was so excited to receive SO MANY colors in one gift.  :)
"Awesome,  I enjoy working with them."
Love this product. Love all the colors and very easy to use. they don't bleed through the paper.
Love these. No two colors are alike.
I love the pens......great product!
Nice selection of colors.
"These pens SUCK.  I bought several sets of colored pens...all different brands.  This brand SUCKS.  More than HALF of the pens were DRY.  They wouldn't write at all.  Several of them would dry out after using them for ten minutes or less.  Giving them a VICIOUS SHAKE with my wrist would sometimes get the ink flowing again...however I don't feel that I should have to do that with ANY writing instrument.  As a professional artist, I need pens that are reliable.  These pens are NOT.  I am so frustrated and angered over these pens because as most people know, artists don't make hardly any money at all.  My art work brings in approximately $350.00 per MONTH...and that is not a steady figure.  It all depends on the market.  I am so frustrated with these pens.  By the time I discovered how lousy they were, it was too late to return them as Amazon gives a 30 day return policy which is fine, but I didn't use these right away....or should I say ATTEMPT to use them.
I wish there was an option for 0 stars.  These are NOT worth even the one star that I am forced to give it."
"Surprisingly good quality!  I've gone through a couple of other sets of gel pens and was just starting to look around for yet another new set and saw these on a gold box deal -- jumped on it.

I'm NOT disappointed!  Au contraire, these are really decent gel pens and the number of colors/finishes (metallic, glitter, etc.) is impressive.  I use these mostly for either detailed coloring books OR for coloring stamped images on hand-crafted greeting cards.  The tips are fine enough that I can manage fairly tiny detailed sections in the images without going outside the lines.  Gel pens have a tendency to use a lot of ink fairly quickly, so being able to get a set that doesn't break the bank is a real plus -- I won't feel so annoyed if I have to replace them in less than a year.

Really don't have any complaints with these -- I would absolutely purchase these again and can recommend them highly."
A-MAZ-ING pens!! All of the colors are vibrant and they dry extremely quickly on the paper! I would also like to say that the costumer service is quick and amazing and I know that the next time I need/a friend needs gel pens I will be purchasing these again! Great price for great quality. I know that a lot of the time I read amazing reviews and I'm a little skeptical but this is no joke!
"perfect,i like it"
"Some of the pens don't have a very smooth ink flow, and there are too many neon colors, but otherwise there are good. Most of the are easy to use, and I like the variety of glitter colors."
"I purchase these for my girlfriend and she loves it. Unfortunately, she's used up all the ink in several of the pens in less than 3 weeks. If only replacement refills were available instead of having to buy an entirely new set."
Great quality!
Great product love the colors
These are great. My daughter and I loved them. Every colour and great quality.
Good quality
Sister Loved Them
These are wonderful gel pens. The color selection is amazing and so far I haven't had any problems. I highly recommend this product!
Every single pen we have tried has worked well.  The colors are really cool.
"As a colourist I use a lot of pencils, markers and gel pens . Quite honestly these are the best pens I've used in the last couple of years.  The ink is bright and colourful when dry and. Is easy to apply. The only thing I dislike and it's because of my preference and nothing to do with the quality of the pen is to much glitter.
 This is my honest opinion and I have not received payment of any kind. I. You won't have any regrets if you decide to buy these pens."
Love these gel pens.  They are exactly what I expected.  Will be ordered again when I need more.
Arrived quickly and all the pens had the same ink level. I created a color chart and tried every pen. They all worked smoothly. Colors are vibrant.
These pens are fabulous!  I haven't had any problems with them and the colors are bright and fun.  The packaging keeps them all contained and ready in case an instance of art should break out.
I am very pleased with pens and will order pens again. Thank you
Great product - beautiful colors - great price compared to some others I looked at
Love this!
Very nice set. Colors are vibrant and some even include glitter. Fun to use!
Love theses pens habe plenty of colors to choose from.
they all worked and were very bright
"These are the best gel pens I have bought!! There are many different shades of colors, glitter, and even tye died colors!!! They aren't scratchy looking as some of gel pens are they go on nice and smooth when coloring. Also no linking these to get them to work lol!!!"
Lots of great colors.
"What a great set of gel pens at a great price! Beautiful colors, subtle shade differences, glitter, matte, bright, neon, pastels.  Ink flows smoothly and they easily store in the packaging.  Very pleased and highly recommend."
Perfect . Wonderful variety!
Gel pens...
Gave as a gift and they loved them!!!
I am used to pencils so I found these to have a learning curve. They are more like fine watercolors. As I get used to them I know I will find many uses.
Product proved to be even better quality than I expected.  I received items sooner than expected!  THANKS A BUNCH!
Great set!  Love all the different colors!
"Excellent product, great color selection"
Love these gel pens.  They work great and have a lot of various colors.  Would buy again.
Came on time. I love these pens. The colors are beautiful and the glitter pens are just what I like.
"I love these pens.  First, because they are CLEAR you know when you're likely to run out of ink. Second, they are contained in clear plastic closeable holders that make them easy to carry with you."
"Colors really don't lay down well and too many are defective (understandable at the price, however) but I think I'll spend a little more more for better quality :)"
Product exactly as described and arrived well packed and timely.  Great price and value!
I am enjoying using these!
Very nice.
Product is very good quality with wide variety of shades. Delivery was a day earlier than projected
"I was warned by other reviews that many of the pens would be filled to an unsatisfactory level but they work so well and I got a great price so I'm pretty happy overall. I wouldn't pay full price knowing I probably won't get all pens filled 100%
The glitter and metallic pens are super cool!"
"I love the variety of colors. I read a review before I purchased the set and someone had created a color chart so that I could see the selection of colors before I purchased the set. I haven't tried every pen yet, but so far I have not found any dry gel pens and they flow smoothly. It was well worth the price. I recieved the product within 2-3 business days of placing the order.
-Michelle, NH"
wonderful assortment of colors
Purchased a second set  for my granddaughter
"Awesome, nice selection of colors."
"I bought these in hopes that they'd make studying much better. But I can't even use these properly. The ink hardly comes out of the pen unless I scratch at the paper a few times. One pen came broken and another broke when my niece tried using it to draw. The colors are beautiful and the glitter pens had me excited, but overall... I'm not impressed with this purchase; wishing I didn't buy it."
"Perfect, exactly what was advertised."
I enjoy the pens.  The wrong assortment was sent to me but they are fixing the problem.  Very happy
"I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these gel pens. There are a wide variety of colors from neon, to shimmer, to metallic, to traditional. I tested out each pen and every last one worked beautifully. They are smooth and glide across the page. I would highly recommend!"
Love these pens & all variations! Some even change colors! I ordered a second set for my daughter.
"We only received one pack of 30 pens, not the 120 that were advertised"
Great product.  I purchased another set for a gift!
Every single pen I've used the ink has exploded inside the pen
"Was a gift, but was well received"
Great pens beautiful colors
"I love the variety, there are some colors I wouldn't use, but they are meant for everyone and I can understand. I like that the glitter matches the regular colors"
Love!
The pens glide nicely across the page and the selection of colors is impressive. I also like the way the pens are neatly packaged.
At first glance it appears to be really nice. It's a gift for  my granddaughter so it hasn't been opened and used yet.
Nice colors.  Lots of colors.  Kids love the pens!
"The pens are magnificent, the colors are vivid and the pens color smoothly."
The packaging is wonderful.  The pens are easy to extract and use.  The range of colors is wonderful.
I enjoy using these! There are so many colors to choose from and all are unique!
Such awesome colors and smooth.  Really hard to share!!! lol
"Arrived in timely manner.
Received what I was expecting"
"Love the colors! Some of them are iridescent, some have glitter some are solid. Love them all."
Great pens!
Great Product
"Quick shipping, nice colors!"
Everything as promised at a great price!
"This is my 5th set of gel pens and I love them.!!! Every Color is different and I love having 40 glitter gel pens. They write extremely smoothly and I just can't say enough good things about them! They  come in separate pouches are easy to used, the color of the ink matches the top color almost perfectly!!!"
I felt like this was one of the better deals I had seen in a very long time. I got it as a gift for my wife and she absolutely loved it. I was impressed by the quality and packaging and would highly recommend this art pen set.
"Beautiful pens , colors very pretty."
The product is good! I like them! Thanks!
Awesome vibrant colors! I had an issue with a few of them working but the company was beyond nice and was able to quickly resolve my problem. Overall great!!!
"I bought these for a gift, they are enjoying them very much...."
Ordered these to doddle with and the colors are amazing and so many of them in every color and shade. I don't know how long they will last but so far so good.
Just got these.  A great price.  Have taken a few out to try. Clear clean ink
"Good quality, loved it!!"
Great pens!
Beautiful colors and the variety of colors is excellent. I love contrasting the colors and intermingling the glitter pens with matching colors.
I bought these as a gift.  My friend was thrilled with these pens.  She loved all the colors and actually did a happy dance when I gave them to her.
"Really nice pens.  I love coloring with them.  Nicely packaged, too."
"The colors are vibrant and so many to choose from.  They are packaged with our individual pouches that snap close so you can use them easily and choosing your colors is so easy>  Each packet is different with the glitters all in one, the neon's and pastels in one and the flats in one.  I will be buying these from now on.  I color daily and these are the best pens I have ever had."
"On time, nice pens"
Set was a gift. Won't see the recipient until monday!
"These are exactly what I wanted! No more colored pencils for me, there are SO many colors, metallics, pastels and glitters. I've colored a couple things so far and the ink isn't magically disappearing like some pens, and all of these work! Very happy!"
"I haven't used them yet, but I am impressed by the color selection."
"Great set, amazing colors and zero problems."
bought these as a gift for a 10-year old little girl.  She loves having SO many!
These pens are awesome!
Enjoying using these gel pens.  Working well = nice fine point.
The colors are fantastic. The perfect set for anyone looking for gel pens like I was. The pens snap into place in their package then the package buttons closed to further lessen the risk of the pens falling out of the package. You won't be disappointed with these pens for whatever use you have with them. Awesome for adult coloring.
These pens are fantastic it better than I anticipated I love them and I would recommend her to anybody would like to color
Very disappointed gotta scribble to get ink come out some pens barely have ink in better off spending few xtra dollars n getting better quality even walmart gel pens are of noticeably better quality
"For an amateur like me, these are a dream! Nice flow, and he colors are truly unique!"
i love this product
beautiful colors!!!! love it. More than I expected.
These color great and the glitter ones were a huge hit with my kids.
Love these so far. The glitter pens are especially awesome. Very happy with these and would buy again!
"Great set of pens! We love coloring with them.
The only improvement I could imagine would be color names or numbers on the pens , so that you could readily identify them while working."
Very good.
Actually it was for my daughter and she loves it.
"Great colors, fast shipping"
Ease of coloring with pen. Love the choice of colors to pick from
"Amazing customer service. These pens are incredible, so many colors, and they write and color very nicely. I had a few that had issues, and their customer service went above and beyond to make it right. Can't go wrong with this seller or these pens!!!"
I like these Gel pens very much.
Delivered as promised and all the colors you could ever need!
"Amazing for children, especially girls!"
"Great price, a very nice variety of colors, including neon, sparkle/glitter etc. They arrived on time in good condition.  So far, I tried about 35 pens and they all work."
Very please!
"These "" Unique Colors Gel Pens "" really are unique colors. Some colors I've never seen in gel pens. The gel pens color smoothly and evenly. I highly recommend these pens."
"Perfect for coloring 
Highly recommend for adults who love to color like I do"
"I purchased these after reading through a lot of reviews. The colors are vivid, the pens have a sharp narrow point, and the ink flows smoothly and easily. The point of these pens is ideal for coloring or drawing. Especially if you need to keep within the lines of coloring books. Also these inks don't bleed through paper. You can't mix them like paint or pencils, but you have enough variations of colors that if you use a sample piece of paper to test the pen before you use it, you can get the coloring down pretty well. Overall I am very pleased with this set. I wouldn't pay more for it, but at this price point, I do consider it a value. When I purchased this set, I also purchased the Artists Choice Pen 125 Piece Pen Set . it cost pretty much the same as this. So far they seem identical. But I would definitely recommend this set."
"Waste of money, points are sharp tear pictures, ink doesn't last through one image"
"My Shuttle Art Gel Pens arrived undamaged and so far all is well. I haven't had any dry pens yet, but from the reviews I know that Shuttle Art stands behind their products and for whatever reason they'll replace it if needed. A+++++ all the WAY! Thanks Shuttle Art!!!!!"
they are great never had so many colors before
The grandkids LOVE them.
"Most of the pen caps don't match with the actual color so making a chart is strongly recommended.  Don't know if all sets are the same, mine had all but one red tone, no red oranges, no browns either- there are lots of purples and pinks and there are no darks or lights-  all same medium tones.  Almost feel the need to buy another set to complete missing colors.  Did not find any ""swirls"" or ""magicals"" (whatever that meant).  Agree with another reviewer re rainbow-  they're mostly duplicates of other ""non rainbow"" and not necessary.  It would be great if these sets were organized by color rather than mixed up.  I reorganized mine while making a chart and you can really see this way what tones you have and how close or not they are.  Not a very user friendly packaging as pens can slide out easily and very clumsy when putting pens back."
"they're marker pens, what's not to like?"
"My daughter loves these gel pens, especially the ones with glitter."
Awesome array of colors. Great for adult coloring books.
I really love these gel pens and so do my grand children the colors are great I will definitely keep buying these
"Just started using gel pens, really enjoy these colors"
WOWOWOWOW!  This is an amazing set for the price. My adult daughter will love it with the coloring book I am sending her (also from Amazon).
"These write great, especially considering the price.  I bought these on sale.  Not all of them were filled with the same amount of ink, but for what worked out to be around $0.17 for each pen, this is a great bargain!  Also, the glitter ones actually leave color and glitter. :)"
"I love them,love all the beautiful colors. Coloring is so relaxing to me."
Arrived so quickly. Pens write very smoothly. My daughter loves the large array of colors and the fact that they do not bleed through her paper.
these are perfect for coloring
Pleased with this product. I sent one to my friend and got one for myself. She had problems with just one of the pens. A black pen was a little too runny when it first started but after that she said it seemed fine. We are both happy with the selection of colours and my only complaint would be that it doesn't ship to Canada but that is no reflection on the product.
All of the pens work perfectly for me. A lot of colors I haven't been able to find anywhere else.
"Pretty colors. Great value. I've had problems w the glitter neons n glitter florescent colors. They color at first and then stop. I've got a few that won't start back coloring at all. I've never had this problem w sargent arts. This is a great brand, and all the dark colors work perfect. I feel like i wasted my money, bc i bought this set for the colors that won't work. I already had 2 packs of the dark pens."
Great color choices and their are no repeated colors.  Such a variety!! Excellent coverage but you need to wait a few seconds to dry.  Would definitely recommend them.
Arrived in excellent condition and love the quality and the wide range of colors.  Would recommend these gel pens excellent value.  Shuttle Art customer service is great.
My gdaughter thought these pens were the best. So many colors to choose.
The pens are working great -- such a fabulous selection. Smooth flowing and great color 'pop'!
"My 7 year old granddaughter loves this set, especially the glitter ones.  They all are working and the price was great for so many colors. I was in an art store the other day and there was nothing like this set for the price."
These are so much fun.  I really enjoy using them.
MAY ORDER MORE JUST LOVE THEM.
great colors
I got these for my grands and they're very pleased!
"All 120 of the pens work really well, with no leaks or skipping, and there really are no duplicates.  This set has many colors that you won't find in other sets.  The pens come in 4 convenient, snap-closed, soft plastic holders.  This set has gorgeous colors, including metallic, milky, neon, glitter, neon glitter, and 7 swirl/rainbow pens, as well as the standard blue, green, red, black and white ones.  Each pen has a decent amount of ink, and when I finally use them up, I will probably get the same set again.  It is pure pleasure coloring with these pens."
I've been coloring for several years now and have used colored pencils. These gel ink pens are so much easier and provide vivid colors and a great variation of shades.
"They look great. Bought them for a gift, but very impressed with the variety."
Love all the colors
Gave the pens to a five year old who likes to draw and he really liked them!
Great colors.  Good price.
"Color selection is large, pens color nicely."
ink glides scratchy. you get what u pay for.
"So far I really like them! All of the colors are amazing. I bought 2 sets, 1 for my Sister The other for myself. And she also loves the variety. I especially like the fact that the lids are easy to take off!!!!"
My grandkids love to color & they are to go nuts with all these choices
Omg I love them! Me and my 10 year old daughter have been coloring with them since they arrived.
"Awesome variety of colors! Great quality. I have dozens of adult coloring books, and literally hundreds of different types of markers. Some of which aren't what they appear to be. I'm very satisfied with my order, and would recommend them to anyone wants to get what they pay for. Also, in comparison a very good price. Thank You, Michelle."
The whole family loves these pens
My nephew loved them
Nice options but cheap. Don't color smooth.
I am obsessed with these pens! They are very colorful and write very smooth. I can't stop coloring with the vibrant colors and the glitter pens are fabulous too!
"Not all colors are VERY unique.. some needs more pressure and have to scribble ..
Lil pricey.."
"I am very happy with these pens.  The colors are vibrant.  There are a couple that give that ""scratchy"" look, but for the most part they glide smoothly and cover well.  I've had several where the ink stopped flowing as I was coloring, but a couple of taps of the point on a hard surface got them going again.  I enjoy using them."
"Love the color selection, but the ink quality isn't great.  Many of the pens don't work well.  Will purchase a different brand next time.

Update - The company contacted me after my review and offered to send a replacement.  I recieved the new set within three days.  The pens in this pack seem to have fresh ink and don't skip or stop working.  These are not artist quality pens, but for the price they are good."
They're everything my wife wanted... Thank you
Just was I was looking. The colors and quality are good. I've been coloring my mandala book with these pens and I don't have a single complaint.
"I am somewhat obsessed with good pens and pencils and gel pens are among my favorites, I was very happy with the assortment of colors in this pkg. they flow well,don't smear or skip two big no no's for me when it comes to quality. They are very well priced and because i bought an additional product from them at the time I got another 7% off. I will buy more from them."
"I have to admit I had heard of gel pens for coloring purposes for a while, but never thought they would work well or be very good for coloring.  Wanting more variety in my coloring, and  seeing how good the price was for a good amount of colors I was swayed to purchase with the added bonus of there being a 100 percent satisfaction guarantee. Since there were no drawbacks for trying these out I ordered a set.  I am glad I did, because boy was I wrong.  These pens are wonderful.  I have not used every pen yet, so I don't know how every color works or if they do, but the ones I have used ,probably one quarter so far, work wonderful.  The pen colors are bright and smooth applying.  I love how this set has the ""magic"" pens that no other set has just an extra bonus on a fine deal.

I guess I learned my lesson don't assume the worst about a product based on a few negative reviews and your pre-conceived ideas, but rather take a chance especially with a guarantee like this one."
"Perfect,i love them"
"I've always wanted a fun pack of gel pens, and there are so many out there to choose from.  I'm very happy I decided to purchase these because there are so many pretty colors and the pens work really well. I use them a lot for writing, and I even use these in my coloring books in addition to pencil colors just to add sparkle and dimension to the pages. I like the packaging they come in, and it even comes with a handy pink band around the package which I use to corral certain colors that I'm using for a specific project.  When you buy this set, you're getting great quality at a really affordable and reasonable price.  I love it when that happens!"
"I love these gel pens! They write smoothly and the colors are lovely. My only complaint is that I can't tell apart the types of pens aside from the obvious non-glitter, glitter, and metallic. But generally I love these!"
My daughter is loving this  pen set!  So far all of her pens are working and she said the ink is extremely smooth when she uses them.
These are my favorite gel pens
Very happy!
Love these gel pens; so many colors to choose from and they work well in adult coloring books.
Could not be happier with this purchase. These are high quality pens.
"Love these, love all the different colors"
"Great value, beautiful colors and the ink flows, no smudges!"
I absolutely love these pens.  No set of gel pens is complete without them.
"Lots of gel pens for the money. I did find that there are some colors that I will probably never use, and wish there were more of the green (everything we use them for has leaves!)"
Love them
My daughter loves these!
SUPERB collection of colors. very vibrant!!
"I am extremely p;eased with this profuvt. Pens work fine, The colors are brillant/"
"Great array of colors, high quality gel pens.  Love!!"
Bright vibrant colors that dry quickly.  Wide variety.  3-4 pens were dry out of the box but overall this is a good beginner's set.
"Full disclosure:  I have not used these pens personally; I bought them for my sister.  She loves them; they are the first gel pens she has used. The only negatives she expressed were that she wished there were more colors, or more difference between the colors (some look nearly identical) and the ink sometimes stops flowing (although she solved this issue by cleaning the tip or blowing into the ink tube, so really hasn't been a problem.  I have similar issues with the brand I use).  I would recommend them and plan to purchase for myself when my current supply is gone."
"My wife who loves to draw, doodle, scribble you name it loves these."
I'm new to gel pens. It feels like I'm using a paint brush. I love these.
Have bought a few of these and this coming month a few more. They were bought as gifts and they loved the no tepeats and magic comors as well as the glitter and meysllic colors. Would definately advise to purchase theses are fab!!!
Great value.  The selection is wonderful and the price is unbelievable. I have an adult coloring class and most of my students bought this set of pens and ate very satisfied.  There were so many colors and none duplicated. Can't go wrong with the quality and price
"Ordered for my college student, they were very happy with them."
"The roller balls on these pens are not great... Also a few of the pens are filled with multiple colors of ink so its not one solid color. colors are not true to the cap color. it comes with glitter pens, metallic, florescent, and 'regular"" colors. I ended up giving them away to another office worker. I wish Jelly Rollerz still existed. These were a let down. fast shipping though"
Was really surprised that these pens was really good to color with .. love them
"I love all the color choices, especially the ones with glitter. I use it on adult coloring books and it's just beautiful."
"These are not my style.  They are scratchy, skips and ink does not last.  Would not buy again."
"I love the colors, however, the ball fell out of 1 of the green pens."
These are one of the best gel pens I have used.. They flow smoothly and lay down well on the paper.  The amazing colors are unbelievable. This is the 2nd time I have purchased these pens but it certainly won't be my last.
Pens don't really write well. Even shaking them doesn't work.
Great
Great product!!
they're good. I needed pastels to use with my pentels. i like the fine points.
These pens are the best therapy!!!
I got these for my daughter and she says she loves them.  Received them on time and in perfect shape.  Thank-you!!  I bought these before for myself and my daughter but she's running out of the ink so I'm buying her another set.  She likes the variety.  They lasted for a good while. We both really like these.  Thanks.
Great pens. Colors are unique and vibrant. Love them.
great price and a good pen overall.
"Most of them write instantly, only a few need a little bit of shaking to get them going. Otherwise, lots of great color choices. Love them."
"Huge selection of gel pens!! Great quality - heavy plastic barrels, tight lids, vibrant colors, smooth ink. Bargain priced for 120 different pens!!

I ordered a different 'brand' of 120 gel pens to try a variety & see which ones performed best. I also wanted to have a huge selection since I bible journal & decorate my Happy planner. I was surprised & elated when these exact pens arrived sold under a different name & in different packaging. Now I have two sets!!"
"First bought these for my senior adult mother, then for my granddaughter. Both love them!"
Well packaged. Lots of color.
:-)  I will buy these again.  They are great.
So may beautiful colors and these gel pens write very smoothly.  Literally every color in the rainbow and then some.  Great value as well.
The pens are as described and arrived on time
Love them. Becky
I'm really enjoying using these new pens.  Thank You
My grand daughter loved them
"The gel pens are really great. The packet has a great variety of vibrant colors. I especially love the glitter pens, they add so much to the pictures.  I am very happy with the product and would recommend these pens to anyone."
"These have tons of great colors in them. Some of them seem very close to being the same color and took a little to get some of them to give out the ink, but other than that they work great. It's a big selection and so far none of them have run out... Use them mainly for coloring with."
"My 5 year old loves these pens! They have a bunch of colors and variations, like milky, glitter, and metallic."
seller is amazing fast shipping package delivered undamaged and there is no duplicate that I can see and me and m y bf ordered 3 sets and plan on ordering more in the future.. worth the money... love these gel pens
Defective a lot didn't work and some ran out super quick and not from a lot of use. I am thinking it was because there was a stop between the ink. Some would only work sometimes. It was just really frustrating.
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM!
Great price great product. Love all the different colors. Ordered a second set
"The plastic package that the pens come in proceeded to fall apart the 1st week that I had them.  They just tear randomly all over and cannot be used for storage.  That is not good.  The pens themselves are fine, I have enjoyed the glitter pens especially.  I color with Faber Castell pencils and do some of my own work and I incorporate these pens with some of them and they turn out pretty!!!!!  I would recommend the pens, but be prepared to put them in something else."
"These pens just arrived today, but I wanted to answer several questions that I had, especially since I'd read a few poor reviews and was anxious about worst-case scenarios.

""I didn't get a full set!"" and/or ""My pens were only half full of ink!""
I did get 120 pens - these pens come in 4 sets of 30 pens each, and at first, I counted only 28 in Set 4!  ...but then I realized two had fallen down in the bag--these are the two labeled ""sneaky"" in the image of all 120 inks.  I took a photo of all 4 sets together from the back, and as you can see, I didn't get any weird half-full pens.  Also, I'm happier than I should be about the giant pink stretchy-band that held the 4 packs together.

""They don't write!"" and/or ""I keep having to scribble to restart the ink flow""
Starting with Set 1 and going in order, from left to right in each set, I scribbled a bit with each pen, as shown in the image. Keep in mind: this is the first time I used any of these pens, and each scribble starts from top left--most scribbles are two rows of scratching, all from left to right.  Some pens took a bit to get going--which strikes me as normal for new pens--and a few of the pastels, especially, took quite a bit of scribbling and/or tapping to get going, as you can see.  (Pastels # 3 & 5, I'm looking at you.)  All in all, I'd say not perfect, but as close to it as I've come across in gel pen sets.  I'm pretty sure there's 120 different colors here, but I don't think I have a very good eye for color, so judge for yourself. Be careful if you set a pen down and then intend to pick back up the same color--you should probably set the particular pen aside, if color-matching matters to you.  I read another review that warned you might accidentally pick up the wrong color since so many look so similar, and I'd say that's a real risk if you aren't careful.

Most pens started immediately--as fast or faster than most of the gel pens I've brought home from Office Depot--and nearly every pen kept flowing nicely once it got going.  I plan to use these pens mainly for journaling, not coloring, so flow consistency is especially important to me.  (I HATE when a pen poops out mid-word; don't you?)  I'll update this review if this doesn't remain the case, but so far, so good.
(Note: The boundary line in the image is drawn with a ultra-fine black Sharpie, not any pen from this set, and Set 3 Pen 1 is white ink--good ink flow, bad visibility with a white background.)

When I bought this, I figured even if a few pens were duds, this was still a great deal--but so far, these pens are AWESOME, making them a great deal.  I think a lot of the poor reviews may be from older sets.  Who knows if pens sat around a while in a warehouse, or if the quality of pen has improved in the past few years, but none of the fears I had from the bad reviews have come true.

Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to make my journal much more colorful and sparkly than any adult should consider reasonable.  (And to quote Beyonce, I ain't sorry.)"
"Sure is a whole lot of gel pens, I tell you what."
definitely worth ordering in my opinion. They were almost completely filled with ink in each pen unlike other brands I have ordered.
"Nice item. I haven't had time to use them,but there is a wide array of colors!!"
Love these for my adult coloring books.  Only problem is in my last set I purchased I got a duplicate of the metallic silver/gray and did not get a black metallic.  And one of my blue pens was broken.  Over all these are great pens with a wonderful array of colors and types.
Just as described. This is my third set
"Some colors are VERY close to the same. Some ink does not flow properly.  However, for the price the set is a good value.  Gifted to friend. Much appreciated and enjoyed"
"They are wonderful, great color selection and flow of ink is very smooth."
Sister loved it.
"The ""cases"" are useless, and some of the pens don't write well. The ""rainbow"" pens are pretty pointless, too. But it is quite a wide selection, and most of them work fine. I especially like the metallics."
They work great
Great Product really is 120 Unique colors.
Awesome set of gel pens for coloring.  Love the different colors and the choices it gives you.  Great deal for the money.
"Absolutely love these pens! Beautiful colors, nice packaging and great flow! The best!"
Pens had very little ink inside. Kids drained a few in one day!
"These aren't bad. I agree with some of the other reviewers that some can be scratchy with not a lot of ink flow. Fortunately, I am just an amateur mom who likes to color. Nothing fancy, so these work for me."
I have had the best time with these pens!  The colors are vibrant and each one is different.  I have just been using them randomly within a color group and the effect is really satisfying and somewhat surprising.  The price is very affordable and I think I have actually gotten more than what I paid for.
"I gave these gel pens a 3 stars. They are truly a great pen, however some of them are really hard to color with. The glitter pens are amazing. They color smoothly. Other ones color like a regular bic pen. I really wish they were all consistent with how they color and write. Some also feel like they are already dried out. I would def buy again because I really enjoy all of the colors I just wish they all colored the same."
"This set would be five stars if all the pens worked.  About a dozen of them are unusable because they refuse to work.  Then there are the ""magic"" pens that work, but are just a stupid idea which renders them unusable.  So you get what you pay for.  It's a shame because the pens that do work are very smooth and nice to draw with."
Some pens did not work.
Colors were what I want. Will enjoy using them.
I was hoping for smooth rolling pens. These have a fine tip and I have to place card stock paper underneath the page so it does not damage the next page underneath. The final color is left with lines and it does not fill in well. I ordered a medium point pen to see if those are better.
"I love the gel pens. They are good quality and have a great assortment of colors. The shipping was less than 2 days! I have passed the word on to 2  friends and both bought them, too."
These pens write really smooth and dry fast so they don't smear real bad. They are well worth the money!!!
love these gel pen
"Amazing colors, wonderful customer service, and great selection especially for the price! So happy with this purchase, thanks Shuttle Art!"
work great my kids love them
"love it! pens are fresh and go on nice over a variety of surfaces. They smudge on a non porous paper though, but its to be expected."
"great set for the money, large selection and the package got to me very fast."
We gifted this set of pens to our 11 year daughter for the holidays and she loves them.  She uses them to color in her adult coloring books.  The colors are vibrant and the choices for colors in amazing.  She really loves the multi-colored ones.
My daughter loved them and tore in to it right away!
Absolutely love these gel pens. They write smoothly. I really like that I have such a large collection to choose from.
"Awesome price for 120 gel pens.  great for adult coloring books or journaling, whatever you choose to do.these are not the highest quality, they're good for the price.some of them can dry out or the ink does not come easily. There are little tricks to use to abate that problem, if you check it out online. so quality, I'd probably give it four stars, but it's a fun package with great variety and a great price so I gave it five.

You get: basic colors, neon, pastel, multi-color, pearl-effect, and sparkle"
I love these pens and all the variety of colors. I would definitely buy them again!
Wonderful!  I can't say enough good things about these pens.  I have to keep these hidden with my good sewing scissors!
Perfect
These pens are absolutely fabulous. I cant believe the deal! I am using them to create a coloring book for chronic pain patients. They will likely use these to color in my illustrations. I frankly adore these so much I feel like stocking up to give as gifts to my friends. Great quality and quantity and so many bright colors. I'm extremely impressed. Wow
Very happy with these pens. They are used a lot in my woodworking projects. Much better than the ink filled markers.
"Great set of gel pens. If a certain pen is not in this set, then I don't think it exists. So many colors to choose from. I am happy!"
I'm very pleased with these pens! I'm a very amatuer coloring book artist. I bought them for the novelty of gel pens but I love coloring with them! The colors are beautiful and the ink flows nicely. The shipment was prompt. I would definitely order these pens from this company again.
The best pen set I have purchased to date. They are wonderful. Clean lines and great color options.
I love coloring with these! So many different colors and they write smoothly! I also like that some are glittery and some are more of a solid color! Worth every penny!
Bought as a gift for my wife. She loves them to no end.
These are better then expected and don't bleed thru paper
Worked great! My students love them!! I love that they are all different colors!!
"great variety, nice price."
Awesome
"These gel pens are terrible. I will get them to work then they quit working, they are NOT smooth and consistent. I have to keep a sheet of paper off to the side to keep scribbling on to try to get the color to work again, it is so frustrating. I will not purchase these pens again and would advise anyone looking at them to select an alternate brand. These work terribly, I read so many positive reviews that is why I ordered them but just know buyer beware - they do not work consistently, smoothly or reliably."
"My wife was very disappointed. She just started coloring and was excited at the color spectrum.

They arrived quickly in a easy open bag. Packaging is a little strange: it separates in the four parts you see in the picture. They are tied together with a pink rubber band which has the brand name in white letters. She's had these for two weeks and the band has already given out.

The pens are not durable at all: two dried out in one picture. Also, some of them arrived chipped as they are flimsy.

As to the colors: they are beautiful and, as the title says, there are no duplicates. There are pastel, neon, metallic, a few basic colors, and mostly are glitter. For the ""rainbow"" pens: they start out with one pastel color, when that color is finished the other one starts and so on.

She would not recommend them for coloring."
Fantastic set! I color with a client and she loves theses pens more than colored pencils!!!!! And they were delivered during a snowstorm as promised!!!!! Very pleased I am!!!!!
"Wonderful pens great colors, will buy again when needed."
"This set is fantastic!!! Huge selection of colors! Pearls, metallics, neons, regular colors.... NO duplicates as stated. Very reasonably priced. They roll smoothly without skipping and color well. My only recommendation would be to put an identifying color name or number on the pens."
These are amazing and my husband was very excited to get these.
"Great colors, easy-flowing gel ink with good coverage.  If I had a complaint it would be the packaging.  It would be more convenient if they were all in one package instead of 4 different ones.  Regardless of that, I would buy them again."
These are the best gel pens I have ever used. Color goes down nice and fluid and you do not need a lot of pressure with these pens to get them to color. I wish I had bought these sooner. I would highly recommend you to anybody who does coloring or drawing
Love them!
"I really like the pens. It would be nice and helpful if each of the different types of pens had the type and/or color on the pen itself. I don't always put them back in their spot and then I lose track of what the pen was except to try it out on scratch paper. The glitter pens have little glitter on them so that was cool. Having said all that, I really like them."
"Good product, good value"
"These pens are all working well and with so many fun colors to work with it will be entertaining for quite some time. No issues , so far, with the flow of ink nor with the cases holding them. The cases have light weight case snaps, so be gentle. I did have some concern reading other reviews about ink flow and broken caps that I was hesitant to purchase, but other reviews stated the issues were corrected by the seller and any issues that were out there were resolved. I ordered with the thought if I had issues I could get tit taken care of, but here we are, at review time, and I have had NO ISSUES with these pens."
Great !!
"I do like the selection of colors, though there is some light bleeding and smears...if you color one section first I'd let it sit for a minute before brushing your hand over it, and it's always better to have a piece of paper behind the photo you're coloring to avoid and bleed threw."
"These are awesom!  So many colors in both mat shades and glittery shades. So many options.  Markers glide on paper smoothly and evenly.  Wish the package contained more black markers. I've almost used up the ink in the glittery one.  Still, it's a great set."
very good!
love them
I really like gel pens and these were good
"Gave these to my mother whom started adult coloring recently. So many colors, so hard to choose! She is very pleased with them, and I love the finished pictures. I tried to scan one into my computer to post here, but the scanner quality does not do these pens (and my moms skill) justice.
You will love them."
Loved the colors and the ease of using them.
Bought these gel pens for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas (along with a large set of colored pencils) and she loves them!  She tested out every color on Christmas Day and they all worked fine.  She is very excited to have so many colors to choose from.  Santa and I are very pleased with this purchase.  :)
Great pens
"These pens arrived in a timely manner as noted on the shipping method! The colors are very nice, and the ink does NOT bleed through the pages!! Best part is the price!"
"The glitter pens are fun to use, but these pens run out of ink quickly."
Love the variety easy to color with even with fine tip
"Great, my granddaughter loves them"
Great selection of colors.
Love these so much
love the colors
No two alike!!!
"Colors are nice, but the ink doesn't always flow the best.  A lot of times I find myself shaking the pen or trying to get it going again by doing circles on the back page of the coloring book.  The worst offenders seem to be the glitter pens.  As far as the rainbow pens, there's so much ink of each color, that you are basically just getting whatever color is by the ball at the time, You aren't really going to see a flow of one color to the next on a project.  I also have a set of Gel Writers I prefer, but was drawn to this one by the sheer number of unique colors. Don't think I would buy again."
Got this on sale.  It is an awesome set!  So many shades of each color
Great product at a fair price.
Too cool for words
This is great work! You are going to love it!
I couldn't find a bigger selection of colors anywhere else.  My kids love them.
"My daughter LOVES these Gel Pens!!! My daughter was kind enough to give one to my wife, whom is a teacher, and she took it to school. She said she loved using it. She said it really worked much better than she expected. So there you have it...Teacher tested and Child Approved. Thumbs WAY up!!!"
"Didn't expect much for that price, so what I received was a pleasant surprise."
"wow want awesome service i only ordered it on the 3rd and it arrived already.....Now for the product another big WOW my granddaughter was just thrilled with this set, she is a budding artist and was soo excited with the selection of colors and how well they work and do not smear considering she is left handed.  Guess I know where I will be getting my other granddaughter's set from.  Thank you soo much for not only the great service but the great product."
Wonderful for adult coloring books!!!!
Love it!
The ink flows freely and pens are very bright and vivid!
writes great
"I love these gel pens! I was worried upon ordering, done of the reviews said the pens came in bad shape, but mine were in perfect condition. All pens were over half full of ink. The cases are cheap plastic, but it's held together so far. I haven't used all of the pens yet, but every one I've used has colored very smoothly. I will definitely be ordering them again."
Nice assortment
"Great colors, quick drying, easy to use.."
Very nice juicy fill in. Very pretty. Thank you.
Arrived on time if not early.  I love these pens!  So many colors to pick from.  Out of 120 pens only 2 aren't working.  Not a bad ratio in the long run.  I would probably order these again either for myself or as a gift.
"Colors are nice & bright. Ink flows smoothly, very pretty!"
Great value and quality. Extremely quick shipping.
I can't say much more about these pens that hasn't been said already. The only pens I don't care for are the rainbow type ones as they seem all the same to me.
This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter. She loves all the fun colors.
Great pens
"Advertised as 120 Unique colors. Some of these if not the same as are really close. You can not tell what the color is from the pen cap or end. It will be in the same color range ""orange"" but not the actual hue. The pens work fairly well. They do stop up and you have to scribble to get the ink flowing again. One other thing, the pens are not well filled. They are only filled at most to half of the tube."
"Wonderful, large assortment of Gel pens that flow smoothly."
My daughter loves these - a lot of fun colors and nice easy packaging.
"These are the most amazing, pigmented, and most importantly SPARKLEY gel pens I have ever come across! This package includes such a wide range of colors too, I have fallen in love with Shuttle Art and also bought their large 120 set after using these amazing glitter pens! Thank you, Shuttle Art!"
"These are NOT evenly filled, do NOT write smoothly(lots of skipping), and if they don't skip, they put out WAY Way too much ink, so my paper's soaked! I hadn't opened them as soon as I got them...I was waiting for my coloring books to come in. ~which these pens are NOT good for coloring!
Otherwise, I would want my money back
:("
i love the gel pens altho i have an issue with the caps not always staying on tight enough.otherwise i love the colors and just with they were all glitter
SO MANY DIFFERENT COLORS....
I use these pens as incentives in my fourth-grade classroom and my students LOVE them!
The pins run out very quickly
Perfect for when you want just that shade!
Liked the first set so well went and purchased another.
Great colors. No duplicates. Only wish had more primary colors. Still a great value.
"A good buy I love the color  pins and all of the colors that are in the set. I know anyone would like them. I will tell you
That you will find the color you need."
Great pens for working on my adult coloring books!  Worth the unbelievable low price!  Thanks!
VERY SMOOTH AND DIFFERENT COLORS THAN OTHER PACKS.  WONDERFUL PRODUCT.
I have the 60 pack brought these for replacements as I have use many up
Pens are 2/3 full of ink. Some are only 1/2 full. Lots of nice colors.. Company made an effort to rectify problem by replacing defective pens
Love these pens. Use them for everyday. Great price.
Love these pens.  Worth the cost. Would and probably will buy again
They came on time actually sooner than I expected. They were in excellent condition. The box was a little extreme for just that package but I didn't understand the length of it. My mom and I are enjoying them this is a great product and I recommend this to everyone
Some colors seem like duplicates but they all offer smooth coloring.
"great selection, but I wish there notations on the pens themselves designating Metallic, glitter, neon or whatever. Maybe I missed that, but I don't see that anywhere."
"Judging from my granddaughter's positive comments and results, I think this product is a winner.  She is very happy with them and uses them all the time."
Love each  one of my gel pens and they all work very well with my coloring books and they do not leave a huge gob of gel while coloring and the colors are very vibrant whether it be a matte color or the glitter pens. There are no duplicates in either pack so that was a huge plus for me because normally when you buy packs this size you tend to get duplicates. When the description says they are unique....believe they are and they are very pretty as well.
My daughter loved so when my daughter in law saw them she had to have a set also
The pens are very smooth and write immediately. I like to take notes in different colors and now I have all the choices I could ever want.
Smooth to color with and great for writing.  Thank you.
I had bought the markers for my Aunt. She was in the hospital for a better part of a month from a fall. While in there someone stole some. She was upset about it because she loved coloring with them. I told her I will get more when I can. She is also going threw treatment for kidneys. Long story short thank you she very much enjoys them.
"Beautiful colors!  Not unique but, still beautiful."
Very good product! Looks beautiful.
"Love the glitter pens, have yet to discover what magical means. So far, love them"
"The set was so nice I gave them as a gift and ordered another for myself.  Really, really nice."
I'm sure these work good but had to return
Excellent gel pens. Beautiful full size pens. Write pretty good
i keep having an issue where the ink just stops flowing but otherwise good
"I love the fact that there's so many colors in this set! I have had a fantastic time coloring in my coloring books. My only complaint is the same as most other reviewers - the inconsistency of the ink. Some come out really wet and spread easily, some come out in thin lines (which becomes really apparent as you're coloring in), some of them you have to scratch on paper quite a bit before ink comes out. But for a $20 gel pen set, I'm pretty satisfied."
"I'm like a kid in a candy store with these!!!!
Great selection of colors, and effects. I find myself using metallic and sparkly pens most often, and I am so happy that these pens don't jam at all. The only drawback I've seen so far is that the cap color really doesn't represent the ink color all the time. No problem...I just use the cover of my books to check the color instead of getting the nib unstuck like I had to with other sets."
Great item!!! Super fast ship !!!! A+++
I am absolutely loving these pens!! I've even gotten a few of my friends to love them so much they purchased some themselves. Lots of different colors and really easy to write with. I haven't had much trouble with ink coming out and if I do I shake the pen a little bit and it works again. Definitely an awesome buy!
I love all the assorted colors that are available in this kit. All gel pens have been so smooth when coloring in adult coloring books. I would recommend buying these... I will purchase again. Product arrived on time from seller.
"Love my gel pens. The only issue I have is I wish more greens, browns and grays were in this and not the multicolored ones. Don't use those. Would order again."
Good value; excellent gel ink. Doesn't bleed through paper.
great for using for writng
These are good pens and for the most part flow very well.  The milky pens don't quite flow the same as the others but they are still good pens.  I'm looking forward to using them in my project.
I bought these twice. The second time was such a disappointment. I had to throw 10 of them away because I couldn't get them to write.
These are the best markers yet.  So far I haven't found any problems with them. The colors are fantastic and I hate stop coloring and go to bed.
Will definitely be buying these again fast delivery and I have absolutely loved coloring with them.
"I would say they are good pens, but I feel there are a lot of duplicates.
Looking at the caps, I think I am picking a new color, but when I start to use them next to one that I had used, they look very much the same."
Has both glitter ink and regular gel ink in more colors than you can imagine.
"Nice set of pens, not many ""warm"" colors: olive greens, browns, etc."
"These pens are wonderful! I've been using them in my Happy Planner with no issues, and the colors are very vibrant and fun :]"
"Great colors and ink flow. Some sparkly, some neon, some pastel, and some primary colors. Only minor issue was the pens are slightly hard to snap back into place in the case after repeated use."
"So many colors.  I use them for my coloring books.  They are bright and go on smoothly.  I just started to use them so I don't know how long they will last, but so far, I am very happy with them."
Amazing choices if colors!
"Getting so many pens and colors - if you're like me, you'll have pretty low expectations to how they'll actually perform. Maybe it's the low expectations, but I was very pleasantly surprised as to how good they are!"
My wife and daughter enjoy the set.
Great item!
"COLORS WEREN'T AS VIBRANT AS I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE.  SOME ARE ROUGH & SCRATCHY ON PAPER. STARTED TO RETURN BUT GIVE THEM TO THE KIDS--NOT PLEASED AT ALL.....SO FAR, THE BEST GEL PENS FOR THE PRICE WERE THE US ART SUPPLY JEWELESCENTS--THINK I'LL STICK TO THOSE IN THE FUTURE.  THE VERY BEST ONES WERE THE XTRA SPARKLE GLITTER GEL, THERE WERE FANTASTIC BUT YOU ONLY CAN RECEIVE 10 IN PACK. I AM AWAITING FOR MY NEXT PACK."
Love all the pens i have only tested half of the pens as of this writing. Had only one pen that wasn't working right....leaking.  i am sure the others should be fine.
"These pens are absolutely fabulous.  My daughter and I are taking an art course that spans the year. We bought these pens to add to our collection of supplies!!! :)

They are super, even the white, silver, and clear glitter show well on dark colored paper. Very, very cool. I am impressed!"
I love these pens!  The colors are brilliant and vibrant and the ink flows so smoothly.  Will definitely purchase again when I run out.
I couldn't imagine there would be no duplicates. There no duplicates in this set! These pens are of good quality and live up to the product description.  Going to buy a set for my grandkids.
Ok for a first set. Pens  didn't seem quiet full.
The ink runs out very fast which is really frustrating.  I am still looking for a set that will have a great variety of colors and will last more than a few weeks.  I have at least 5 sets of pens and none of them last long enough.
I acquired this product for my wife. She was very pleased with it.
Very happy with the gel pens. Love all the different colors.
"I am really pleased with this product. As now all are working as supposed to, no dry or running gel. Lets see how long will last.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Shuttle-Art-120-Unique-Colors-No-Duplicates-Gel-Pen-Set/dp/B01GLS0C2K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Shuttle Art 120 Unique Colors (No Duplicates) Gel Pen Set</a>"
"Love love love these pens! Been looking for the perfect gel pens to use for my adult coloring books and have purchased many different brands including Gelly Roll pens.  Nothing compares to these pens - they are amazing!! I'm going to order another set so I have a spare set for when I use all the ink in these pens.  Such a great deal for amazing pens! Beautiful colors, no smearing and nice and smooth coloring. If you want great gel pens to color with buy this set - no buy two sets!!!"
Great set!  Beautiful colors!  Worth the price!  Would definitely buy again!
Great product....works well.
I like these more than the ones I used to buy. You get 120 pens and bright vibrant colors. I'll keep on buying these for my coloring.
"Great colors, endless choices!"
A huge range of colors. Not the greatest quality but you expect what you pay for.
"Since I gave this as a gift, I didn't have a chance to try out the pens.  But there is a fantastic assortment of colors!  The package arrived exactly as promised, and I'm delighted with it."
Colors are great! Regret that some of the unusual colors and glitters aren't available for duplicates.
Most of the pens are only half full of ink.  I have already run out of some of the colors.  They seem to dry up while you are using them.  You have to scribble over and over to get them to start working again.
Bought these to use in my adult coloring books. These are perfect!
"Was well liked as a present
Fast delivery
Thank you"
"They come in four individual sleeves, so you can take all four or just one. Great coverage on the paper, no smears, streaks does not bleed through onto the page under it. Hours of fun and great for all ages."
Decent for the price.
"I am completely happy with this set of gel pens! I purchased them in an Amazon Lightening Deal to use for scrapbooking and adult coloring books.
Each pen works great, with the exception of one, which had a broken barrel, but I chose to deal with it rather than mess with returning the entire set.
The ink in the pens flows really well. Even the glitter versions flowed smoothly. The ink dries quickly, which I appreciate, as I dislike smearing ink all over my projects and hand!
There is plenty of color variety in these sets. Even if you think a color looks the same when you first swatch it, it will look different when it dries. The colors aren't thin, meaning that the ink colors thoroughly, filling in the area completely, without any streaking. It's easy to get a well pigmented area.
So far, I've only used the pens on white paper in an adult coloring book with rather thin pages, and I was concerned that the ink would bleed through, but I was pleasantly surprised to see that it did not! I look forward to seeing how the pens work on dark colored paper.
All in all, I'm very pleased with this purchase, and I will purchase again!"
"Just as seller described.  Even though I have yet to use ALL colors, those that I have used demonstrate a lovely color andflow nicely. I would certainly recommend them to any adult who loves to color.  I think they will find that the flow of color is effortless and allows for great control."
I really like all of the ifferent colors. I have a disabilty which makes using colored pencils a problem. I found that  the gel pens work  much better for me.
Every thing as advertised and speedy delivery.  Nice job.
Wish the colors were grouped together by color family. These have been great for my coloring books. I really love the glitter pens that come with!
They r great
Very nice pens at a very nice price :-)
I really like these sparkling colors. They make a dramatic drawing.
The colors are beautiful and the pens are lightweight and easy to handle. I had trouble reclosing the plastic bags they are arranged in- some of those snaps don't line up right but to me that is minor when you can create such pretty pictures. I have reordered twice to give as gifts.
Love all the color choices and really love the glitter colors.  Don't care much for the multi-colored pens.  Overall love it.
"This is great.
It really has 120 unique colors.
I received them when I was supposed to.
I recommend this to anyone.
Really nice ,clear lines.
No problems at all."
It's true there are no duplicates. These pens have great colors that I have not found in other brands. The flow is great and the sparkle is really sparkly. I would recommend these to anyone/
Received the order and everything looked good.  The pens are working just fine and really like them.
"They were great, thank you."
The pens arrived on time and I am very pleased with them. Beautiful bright colors that don't skip and don't leave blobs. I would definitely recommend them!
Work great - many colors! No issues:)
"This was a great set, for a great price! I'm loving all the different color choices and textures."
So I was impressed with the variety of color but I didn't even get finished with one picture and the light blue and a tri color stopped working. Buy Sharpie instead.
These were sent to my 2 granddaughters and they just love them because there is a wide range of colors. 
I bought these pens for my wife because she likes to color. The markers she had been using bleed a little when coloring with them.  She really likes Gel pens.  She was very impressed with these Gel pens and all the unique colors.  When I gave them to her she immediately began coloring with them.  She loves them.
Amazing product!  The colors are alive and shimmer in the light.  Very precise pin tips for extraordinary detail.
Great Buy ~ Thank you
"Awesome huge set of gel pens, beautiful colors, vibrant hues--I'm very pleased with my purchase, thanks!"
Provides hours of coloring with wonderful results.
Good!
Love these colors. They are bright and no two alike
Fabulous collections of colors.  My grandson was very excited to receive this.
"I like these pens. They are smooth and don't really show the strokes. My only complaint is that even though there are 120 colors, the actual range of shades aren't that plentiful if you don't want to cross ""textures"" Mostly metalics and glitters,  wish they had a few more just plain regular colors."
These are great for our adult coloring books!
"Great Colors! Ink Flow is patchy and inconsistent, also the metal tip keep falling off or don't screw in tight enough!"
"All the colors are wonderful and go down on paper smoothly. I see myself buying more of these in the future , for myself and as gifts. Not just for the children in my family but also for adult friends ad family that love art just as much as I do. Being a preschool teacher these will come in handy."
"These pens are a great value for the price. No duplicate colors. It comes as 4 packs of 30 pens, all pens arrived in good condition and not leaking. The do require some use to get the ink flowing at first, hence the 4 star rating. Other than that small issue they were perfect, I would buy again."
"This is a nice set with a lot of different colors and shades. Some of the pens are a little less filled than others (one of mine came only 1/4 filled), some take a little longer to get started, some flow better than others but overall a nice set. My favorite are the glitter pens, the colors are pretty, and they glide nicely across the paper."
Love the Gel pens. So many variety of colors and I especially like the glitter.
"These pens were a gift for my 7 year old and they are perfect! They write smoothly, dry quickly, and the set comes with the promised variety from the description. We were all impressed when she opened them up and she's been nice enough to share with us. :) We love the colors!! I would purchase these again."
"This is my first set of Gel pens. I don't have anything to compare them to. It is my first attempt at coloring so I haven't used pencils yet either. I didn't expect a lot from these based on the price but I was pleasantly surprised at how well they are packed. So far the colors I have used look great and the glitter pens really look nice. They seem to color smoothly on the paper with only a slight scratching feel on a couple of the colors. I did notice however that a couple of the colors (like the light tan skin tone color and metallic yellowish gold) are only about half full (compared to the other pens). I don't know if this is normal for these couple of colors or not but I can see needing to replace them quickly. Other then that, they shipped quickly and overall I am pretty happy with the 120 pen set."
The pens glide on the paper. Very easy to draw and color with them. Love all the colors.
"Very nice Gel Pens, great colors and very smooth to use. Very happy with my purchase"
Great purchase.  Highly recommend.
Seems to be A good product but haven't used them yet.
Awesome Pens. They write every time. No blotches. I loved coloring and having so many choices of colors. Good for very intricate detail coloring too
"Great set of pens. Love the variety of colors, no blobbing of ink so far."
Love all of the colors.
"I love the gel pens. I have been using using them for coloring books and for homemade cards. The choice of colors is great - pretty good gradation is possible and there are some gorgeous, rich jewel tones. The application is also good. A few have been a little scratchy at first but they all work and I have had no blobs which is a big deal because one blob can ruin a page. Since I just got them, I can't speak to how long they last or whether they dry out quickly.
The packaging is OK. I kind of wish that the type of pen (metallic, glitter, etc.) Was specified because that's not always easy to figure that out. The plastic cases are also OK but I will probably put them into a hard plastic storage box eventually.
The price was great and I have ordered another set for my daughter-in-law for her birthday.
All in all I would say yeah, buy them, you will love them."
These are the greatest pens with so many cool colors.
Very pleased with my purchase of these pens! Beautiful colors a treat to color with. Every adult coloring book enthusiast should have a set. Got them at a fantastic price during a lightening deal! Yaaaay!
"lots of colors, good quality, well packaged."
"The quality of these pens is high, and the diversity of colors is impressive. This is a great value - quality and quantity!"
Have only used a few of these but the quality of the ink seems great. Very good selection! I look forward to using more of this wonderful set.
"So many different colors.
Grandkids and I having a great time coloring our books they got for Christmas."
I love these pen. So many colors to choose from.
"I love these. I am so glad I bought them. I bought another brand before i bought these, i was very disappointed with those gel pens. Anyways coming back to the hero in subject, shuttle art gel pens are the best gel pens i have ever used. I don't have words to explain the uniqueness of the colors. Oh my god! The colors are simply amazing and gorgeous. When I started using them, I felt like the colors were talking to me. I started coloring a page of flowers, it was like the flowers came to life. They looked so real and stunningly beautiful. I wish I could reach out to the company CEO and the employees who worked behind this creation. Absolutely awesome!!!
I recommend these to everyone who loves coloring both professional and people like me.."
Yes -- 120 colors -- the ball points are far from smooth and the ink flows then doesn't then does --
Wonderful colors!!! Love them...so many choices! Arrived when promised and exactly as described...I would buy them again and again!
Very nice set. Best set of Gel pens and actually at half the price that stores are selling.
They are all fantastic
More than I expected for the price.
"Lots of awesome colors with some metallic and rainbow changing colors. Write very smooth, great for coloring! Very happy and would buy again."
"These are okay.  There is a huge selection of colors, but I'm seeing that only the metallic colors seem to apply smooth and look consistent on color when dry.  The other pens seem to be more transparent when dry, leaving a darker mark where the pen was last applied.  I use fine tip markers, and gave this a try.  The metallic colors go on smooth and have a beautiful sheen, but the other varieties seem to lack a full, even colored result.  You can't apply another color over one without it completely drying, and I still have some areas that don't take a second color layer well.  I want to like the ones that aren't metallic variety, but I don't like using all the others along side them, and there just aren't so many metallic colors that I can do one whole paper without reaching for my markers, needing more, bold color."
Work well
"Update: After I posted this review, Shuttle Art contacted me and apologized for my experience. They also asked if I would let them send me another set to give them another try. I was surprised by a company that cares so much about their customers, and that they want to build goodwill. Anyway, after using the new set for over a week, I had none of the problems described before. Also I tested all 120 pens and none of them were dry. I'm very happy now with this set, and like I said earlier, 120 different colors makes a great collection! So I have changed my rating from 1 star to 5. Shuttle Art takes care of its customers.

I started using these last week. I was really excited to try all of the different colors and types. However, I've had three annoying quality issues come up. First, the band the keeps the 4 packs together broke. I wasn't over-stretching it, just putting it back on. No big deal, I used a stapler to fix that. Next, I opened one of the packs and two adjacent pens' caps were broken off at the clip and cracked, so they were useless to keep them fresh. I tried using scotch tape on those. But what happened today is what prompted me to leave this review. I was using a dark blue pen, and the metal tip fell apart and I ended up with ink all over my hand and on the book I was working on. I just want to note that I am not ""rough"" on my supplies. I was using them just as any adult would. If one or two of these events had just happened, I wouldn't have written. But all three? I am not at all impressed with the quality. It's too bad because otherwise 120 different colors makes a great collection and the pens I did use worked very well."
love them
"I work with a group that makes cards for a church.  These cards go to people having a hard time, shut-ins, nursing homes, military and people on the prayer list.  When we first started using the pens they seemed to fine for the work we do but as more of us used the pens we found lots of use for them.  Love the ones with the sparkles."
Me and my 8 year old love it just hope the don't dry up . It is 4 different packages not like the picture looks like 1 big one which makes it easier for the kids to share.
"Gel pens and I have never gotten along.  They're not my preferred media for coloring books, though I'm fine writing with them.  Most gel pens I've tried coloring with have the same issue: scratching and skipping.  These pens are not any different in that respect.

The ""milky"" style of ink seems to be the worst offender; I could not get a smooth, even flow from any color of milky, even the ""swirl"" milky.  I had to keep checking that the ink was actually flowing, and resist licking the tip as I've had to do with plain ballpoints in the past.  Some colors (yellow) are scratchy across all types.  Some colors (blue, purple) are better across the types.

The smoothest of the inks I've found is the ""standard"" ink, but even the standard black pen had some scratchiness.  The glitter and metallic types seem to be the next best, swapping places depending on the colorway.  The standard ink, however, can be fairly wet, and if you're using it on thin paper, there will be bleedthrough.

I'm giving the set four stars because this has been par for the course with gel pens for me in the past twenty years.  They're no better than I expected, but far from the worst I've tried.  The color selection is amazing, and the pen bodies feel sturdy.  I would recommend this set more for writing applications (color-coding study notes, bullet journals, letter writing, etc) than for coloring book use."
wife loved  present thank you
"I absolutely love my new pens... the only concern I have is when I run out of one of the colors how am I going to get that replaced?  I don't to go out and buy the whole set again.  I can see this as a problem as I use some of the colors way more then others.  Other than that, LOVE THEM!!!!!"
MOST OF THESE PENS DID NOT WORK
Love them they are great
"would not recommend this product at all, waste of money. Used two of the colors that only lasted for one use, the ink of other colors leaked into the pen chamber, the covers are all cracked and the pens would stop working majority of the time. Had to throw away so many of the defective products.  worst pen set ever and they don't even have extras that they would send you as other coloring pen sets.

I would not recommend this product to anyone

NEW UPDATE************** January 2017
So since my initial review the company sent a new pack of pens that I have been using and I must say, vast improvements in function. The colors are bright, the flow of the ink is consistent. All the colors are good. So now my rating of 1 star has gone up to 4.5 stars."
Some of the pens were broke and the colors weren't that great.
"good product ,  got two for grandkids ,  i want one now .  kids say it's a five star too ."
I have bought 2 of these. 1 I gave to my Uncle which he absolutely loves and I love them myself
Great color selections and color smoothly. Will order again.
The colors are all so pigmented and amazing. Love coloring with these!
Great gift
"I love them and my 6 year old nephews love them.  Perfect for drawing, coloring and filling in those teeny tiny areas.  The metallic colors make the artwork pop."
"Like some of the other reviewers, I find these pens annoying to use but great in variety. If they all had a consistent ink flow or weren't scratchy or blobby, they'd be at five stars. The colors and variety are good."
"They are right, no duplicates. This was a great Christmas gift for the artist and what a great variety of colors and styles, like neon, glitter, etc. Came sooner than expected which was awesome too!"
"Item as described,  came quickly"
"So many different colors to chose from! The only downfall, as with most gel pens, is the smudging."
My daughter loves them
My girls aged 9 and 6 love these pens. They have been happily making art for the past 4 days
I got these as a gift and I love them! I use them for adult coloring books and I am very satisfied. They have a great diversity of pigments and they write very smoothly. I would definitely buy these for myself in the future again.
"My daughter likes this set a lot. It has so many colors and the pens are fine - very suitable for coloring detailed pictures. The seller's customer service is very efficient - a few pens in our set had problem with ink flow. I wrote about it in my first comment, and the customer service sent us another set to complement the colors. Good service!"
GREAT
"General opinion: I love all these colors from their hues to their effects! I'm a freelance artist and use gel pens to spice up my art. Having 120 colors in different tones and styles are helpful for my trade, however, one of my markers doesn't work at all (the 79) and the pastel markers 31 - 45 --which are my favorites-- require me to hack away at the paper before the ink starts rolling. As another reviewer mentioned some of the colors roll onto the paper effortlessly (I provided a color chart for reference) yet some others really prefer to hide away inside the pen. What gives? This is why I couldn't give these pens a 5 star rating: one pen refuses to work even after hard dry scratching, but the colors are vibrant and truly unique as described.

Cons of the set:
1) I think the rainbow colors are unnecessary. As I've shown in the color chart 74, 75 and 76 are rainbow pens yet the colors are stacked in tiers which one has to finish one color before getting to the other. I can't yet tell what makes these 3 colors different than the other 100 colors because I can't reach them; to me that's impractical. I wish the makers of the pens could have added more colors and omit these three pens because other than looking fun, I'm not looking forward to using these.
2) Not all the colors work.
3) The pastel colors need effort to release ink.

Pros of the set:
1) It has a practical carrying case with organized labeling (Parts 1, 2, 3 and 4) easy storage, and carrying.
2) Many vibrant and unique color options.
3) The metallic, glitter and pastel colors live up to their title (the glitter and pastel are my favorites!)
4) It's affordable in comparison to Gelly Roll pens with more colors. I cannot stress the color options enough! I've owned more than 5 brands of gel pen includng Gelly Roll and even if Gelly Roll has their own level of quality ink, they don't have the colors I want in metallic, pastel and glitter. The unique colors (65 - 73 in my chart) are sharpie quality vibrant. I've never seen this in any gel pen set yet.

This set is worth every cent you'll spend on it. I may have gotten unlucky with the one marker, but this many color options in many ink types made me a happy artist."
"very nice set, and they write smoothly"
Color selection and specialty pens such as metallic and sparkle are good. Had trouble with apparently dry pens but discovered that running tips of pens through a lighter flame will usually get the ink flowing smoothly.
Got these for my little sister. She loves them!
Great pen set!! I would buy this over and over.
"I love e using jel pins.
I have had no problems with these pins."
"Work great, love the colors!"
"I was very happy that they were all unique colors, no duplicates. The price was great. I also liked the plastic case they came in.  It appeared to be a decent weight of plastic. The pens were easy to get in and out.  And most importantly, my granddaughter loved it."
"Great pen set, wonderful for adult coloring"
Los am!!!
Would reorder and recommend to others.
Tell nice set of gel pens. Lots of great colors. They glide smoothly on the page unlike a lot of others.
"It was a great gift and she love all the different colors. That was what she wanted to go with all the other art stuff she has already. :)
Amazon thank you so much it has been a joy shopping with you . Emma Anderson"
"I was so excited to get these for Christmas. I could not wait.... then I started using them. Firstly, they only come around 2/3rds full of ink. The ink does not come out evenly so you get little spurts and dry spots. After less than one page of coloring I used half of the ink in one of my green pens! All the colors are much darker than the caps show and there is really no way to ""shade"" in light colors gently. Kinda poopy over all. I am going to look for better made pens and color pencils."
Not as much variety as advertised...ink doesn't last very long and have to shake pens to continue flow of ink.
They are great
"These gel pens are nice, they flow smoothly once you get them to run but the product does say that there are no duplicates. I got duplicates of the same exact set while the other two are just parts 2 and 4. the duplicates don't even say what part of the set they are."
My best friend is gonna love it thank you!
What a wonderful variety of colors.  I was in bed for a bit and these with some coloring books and I was set.  I had fun combining all of the different colors.
The vivid colors and easy flow of the ink make coloring a positive experience. My utensil of choice has always been the colored pencil but I am really pleased with the gel pens because of their brightness and 3-D effect. I like to combine using gel pens and pencils for varying depth results. I would have given the gel pens 5 stars if the individual pens were either named or numbered. It isn't easy to double back to a particular color since there are so many varied shades and choices.
I wouldn't buy these again. Very very poor quality.
I am very excited about the range of colors.  I am not sure yet of their lasting power.  But they could be worth replacing if i get my money's worth.
Love these pens. Never been much for gel pens but now I love these.  Will definitely buy again....when colors run out
Nice pens and quick delivery :)
Beautiful vibrant colors. I was very happy.
Very nice set of gels! Some of my pens didn't work and I left a message with the company. Almost immediately a received a message back. They were sending me a full set of the gels and if anything happened again to let them know. And then let me know I didn't have to return the other set! What could be better??? And the colors...so many choices! I'll say it again. THANK YOU!!
Great selection!
"I was so excited about these gel pens. Read some great reviews and decided to give them a try. The glitter pens work great, but I've had alot of trouble with the lighter solid colors, the flow constantly starting and stopping, as well as having to apply alot of pressure to get the ink to flow. Maybe I just got a bad set, have decided to return them."
"Expecting better quality pens, color are good."
I love all the different colors. Nice pens.
Very nice pens and a lot of them for the price.  The glitter pens are very pretty.  The pastel pens don't flow quite as good as the others but they do alright.  These are great for coloring.  Well worth the money.
Love the range of color and at such a great price!
These gel pens are fantastic with lots of phenomenal colors all in  neat case.i can find what I am looking for very quickly
Great colors. They're the perfect gift for someone who lives to color!!!!
"Great product, lots of wonderful colors."
"I loved these Gel Pens so much I bought them for my Aunt that shares my love of Adult Coloring.. the colors are awesome, they write smoothly and no skipping. There really are 120 colors and no duplicates. Besides loving the product the seller was great to deal with as well. Quick shipper and no problems."
a1
"What a great product! My wife is making beautiful renderings of the many available adult coloring books.  The more she colors, the more she wants slightly different shades from those offered in standard ink sets. Thank you for anticipating the need for your product."
love these gel pens.  Will purchase more.  Arrived in good time.
Fabulous! My mom was tickled to pieces with all the colors for her projects! 
Great color selection. Blend great
good price for what you get
these are wonderful colors and they glide so smoothly. I am very satisfied with these gel pens.
"Excellent  set of pens for coloring and haaving fun! As described there are neon, metallic  and glitter  colors!"
Absolutely perfect bought as a gift for a friend who enjoys the relaxing adult coloring books
Love the vivid colors!!!
"I haven't used these yet, but they look like they will be awesome."
My wife love them!
I really loved these pens! They are amazing!!!!
Great pencils for the money. This is really good value.
Excellent
"These Gel Pens are fantastic to use. They flow so smoothly and easily covering the area very quickly. They come in 4 different separate snap closed holders so they are kept in order if you remember where you took them from.

There are 9 different types as well. For instance, there are metallic ones and ones with sparkles in them. This set also comes with pens that are named swirl and rainbow meaning that there are several colors in each pen. They will be fun to experiment with. I tried them out but so far it's just the first color coming out so I'm not sure how you get the rainbow or swirl effect.

Because some areas use more ink because of size they take a while to dry fully. I found by experience that you need to do the center of your picture and work your way out because your hand will pick up the damp ink and mark your picture.

Whether your using pencils or pens, you will want to color everything of one color at a time. we have been given such a wonderful selection of colors and they are also in graduating tints so that some are so close to another you could accidentally grab the wrong one. I have found it's better to keep a clean piece of paper between my hand and the picture as the glitter from the glitter paints love to get on your hand and then adhere to other places where you don't want it.

These pens and pencils we get from this company are high quality ones."
"Came as described with nice packaging perfect for gifting, It's a gift so I won't see how it works until the 25th."
"Lots of different colors, and good packaging.  Good set of pens!"
I love sales. Omggggg they're so pretty and they roll so smoothly
"Love all the colors, great price."
"These pens are worth it, there were a couple flaws, a cap or two was broken when I got them, some of the ink seems a little thin and runs out faster than other pen sets, but with all the colors and options definitely worth the price."
My wife and children love this
I keep these flat and they don't work like they're supposed to. The ink skips constantly. I would never buy these again
"I really enjoy using these gel pens on my Mandalas.  They work much better than
markers for smaller areas and fine line markers sometimes tear into the paper.
I.m also not a fan of pencils and all that sharpening lol.  These pens certainly
have a huge assortment of colors and I will certainly reorder them when I start
running out of colors which may be sooner than I think! since I'm doing more
coloring than I used to."
"I like the pens.  There were a few of them that never would dry and so smeared into the pictures I was coloring which was very
disappointing.  Most of those were the Sparkly ones.  I have enjoyed the set otherwise.  Lots of real different colors."
Love them all so much!!
"For the price....it is a quality set, but I found that even though they say no duplicates, that some of the colors are very similar.  The majority of the pens work well.  I think it's a good buy."
Love all the colors. Perfect for the Secret Garden Coloring Book.
These gel pens work really well! Beautiful variety of colors and glide on easily for coloring. Definitely worth the purchase!
A+
bought two love this set
Bought as a gift for my 27 year old daughter and she loves them days they are awesome pens
great
I love the different shades.  It will make my art work that much more appealing.
wonderful selection of nice bright colors; tips tend to dry but I store them upside down and that helps
"Pens have great, intense colors. Quality looks like other brands, but much better priced. Our tween daughter is in gel pen heaven..."
very nice set of pens  love the colors  will buy from this seller again
"Great pens for the money, great variety.  My only complaint is they tend to ""jam"" a bit more than others i have used, but they all work fine."
"I bought these as a birthday gift to my mother, a professional artist. I knew she hadn't worked with pens in any kind of capacity and wanted to give her a new challenge. She called me a raved about the colors and how vibrant they were."
The package was missing 3/4 of the pens.  Now I have to take time out of my busy day to mail it back.
"Just as described, 120 unique gelpens.  Some are technically the same shade, like the one I call spring green, but there is a milky, sparkling, & translucent spring green in the set, each providing a distinct different look.  When I used them on 3 leaves in a cluster on the page I was coloring, it provided the look I was going for of a unified grouping where no two leaves were alike.  My only complaint is that in all these pens, pastels are virtually non-existent.  They have a sharper tip than some gelpens I've used, but I appreciate that for tight or small points or providing shading & outlining when also working with colored pencils.  They easily fill in larger spaces despite the smaller tips."
"Have to scribble to get each one working, but work quite well after that. The multicolored ones are kinda pointless, but there is only a few of them in the set. Overall, work great!"
"Can't beat this price for how many you get! I wouldn't say there are 120 unique colors as many of them have slightly different cap colors, but are essentially the same color. Consider about 80 unique colors, but still, great value!"
The colors are amazing and such a variety I got this as a gift for Christmas for our daughter
Very satisfied with the product.
Love love love them!!!
awesome!! would buy again
"Love all the many colors, especially the glitter gel pens!"
I bought these for my mom. She seems pleased with them. Personally I thought the ink wells didn't hold much ink.
was a gift
These gel pens are a good quality.  I received them with no pens leaking which is great. Colors are very good. Love the gel pens and will buy more of these!!!
"Using adult coloring books, I started with colored pencils.  I decided to branch out and ordered these.  I like the range of colors, I like the small tip. So far, I have not had a ""bleed thru"" issue and color stays where I place it.  I have been very happy with the results and highly recommend this product."
Great deal!
"This is a wonderful set of gel pens  First, the 120 different colors are not only all different, but are also unique.  There are a nice assortment of plain, metallic, neon, glitter swirl, rainbow and milky pens included, and not an overabundance of any one kind.  Some of my other gel sets have so many neon glitter pens that I am left with a limited number of colors of non-neon glitters, or non-glitter standard colors. This set makes up for that with a wide variety of colors in each of the categories.  I tried some writing and coloring with the pens and every pen I used wrote on the first try, and none of the pens skipped or left any blobs.
From my use so far, I would highly recommend the Shuttle Art Gel Pen set for quality, variety, and value."
Bought as a Christmas gift.  There's a lot of different colors and they look like they are going quality.
"Am impressed, would buy this set again and as gifts"
great products. just wish the gels would last longer.
Great colors and writes smoothly. Colors don't last as long as Fiskars gel pens but they're definitely a close 2nd. I haven't found any other sets that offer this many colors so there are a lot of great options
great gel pins
"Got this as a present for my daughter and granddaughter and they both love it. When my granddaughter, who is 3 yrs old, comes to stay the night at Mimi's house she loves to color and draw with her Aunt Kaylee, who is 18 yrs old. Kaylee is very artistic and loves all of the colours she has to work with. This was a great gift and well worth the price."
love them!  I would like to find some with fine points
Great set!!!!
"A very good variety of colors, while providing many glitter pens.  However, the traditional and metallic pens seem to stick, requiring a lot of scratching in order to have ink."
Awesome set.  Medium tip.  i plan on irdering this the next time also.
My daughters love coloring with these!
Love these pens. I'm a gel pen nut! Oh do many colors to choose from.
Great pens
"Good deal, beautiful colours and glitter!!  Bought one and ended up giving it to my niece so immediately purchased it again."
"I love the range of colors. Some colors are so similar that the difference is almost undetectable by the human eye, but this only applies to a small amount of the colors so it's fine considering there are 120. The gel pens work as well as any other gel pens I've used. You may have to scribble on scratch paper to get some of them started."
"The colors are beautiful. I haven't used the pens a lot yet, but I did test all of them and the ink flowed smoothly in every pen except one. It took a little circling to get it going but was fine after that. I will be interested in seeing how long they last since gel pens I've owned in the past tend to go bad fairly quickly. For now, I'm quite happy. I even like the packaging which is four separate plastic pouches held together by a stretchy band. It is very user-friendly."
These pens are great. Will buy again.
I have nothing negative to say.
My Mom loves them and the variety!
They are very good pens. They write very good.
"Did not like these pens. Have of them didn't work, they were all loose and the ink cartridge inside shakes when you use them. You have to keep banging the tips to get them to work"
"There are DEFINITELY duplicate colors in this pack. The quality borders sub-par and I stored them with tip side down for two days/nights just to get the ink to flow together and flow to the page at all without a lot of skipping. otherwise, the ink still doesn't go on very smoothly and smears very easily."
the ink runs out very quickly
Great price fast shipping
"Great gel pen set. Color or write highly recommend, can't beat the price"
"After reading the other reviews, I made sure to inspect each pen for damaged barrels, then tested the flow of ink in each pen. All of my pens were intact with no cracks or breakage. The ink flows out very well on all pens, some needing to be tapped toward the tip to get the ink out but, that's expected with gel pens since the gel can be sitting for too long at the warehouse. This was a major issue for some buyers, thinking the pens were duds if they didn't write as soon as they started using them. Unlike markers, gel inks don't bleed through paper, by their very nature they kind of sit on top of the paper, like paint, so you need to get used to this to get good coverage. The glitter inks are just lovely, giving a shiny sparkle to your picture. The metallic inks do the same thing but softer shimmer. Overall I recommend this set if you like to color for fun, just not for professional work requiring high grade inks."
They came very quickly and I'm super thrilled with all the colors.
very satisfied with this product
Excellent
"I was so looking forward to getting these gel pens, but after receiving them have found they have many colors, but they are almost to the point of being dried up and do not flow well as others I have purchased from amazon. Don't know if perhaps I just got some older ones or what but it was very disappointing."
"Fabulous colors! I can hardly wait to use them! I did try out each one, and they're just as advertised."
Wonderful selection of gel pen colors! They are great!
Xmas gift.
Most of the pens work fine. The case is cumbersome.
I love them!  They flow very well no real hang ups at all
LOTS of colors
love all the colors  Christmas present
"I bought these for myself as a little ""Get Well Soon"" gift while I'm recovering from another surgery. The package was received completely unharmed and the packaging itself is pretty nifty. I like how there are 4 parts, so when I'm making a color chart I can assign each color a part and just put the pen back in place in the package. I tried every color, and with the exception of some of the normal colors (a blue and a hunter green) they are all perfect. The variety in colors is excellent. I have been coloring in my adult coloring book for three days now and have yet to run out of ink in a single pen. All the other brands of gel pens I've purchased up to this point are done and over with by the end of the first project. I imagine I'm going to have these for a long time to come, and they'll continue to perform beautifully. I HIGHLY recommend these! For the price, you can't beat it! I will absolutely buy these again."
Love these gel pens!!! A lot of colors to chose from!!!
"Kinda cheap, some pens do not write."
"Great product. I just started using the gel pens. Was totally impressed. Excellent colors, ink flows smoothly. Need more colors!"
Great product...this is my 2nd purchase. ..I highly recommend this product
"Great Set, Great Price!
This is the 3rd set I have bought!
Colors smoothly!"
"They clog up a lot. Constantly having to tap tip to get ink flow. Not crazy about the rainbow pens, not what I expected. Not worth the extra money."
"I really like these. Colors are bright. They go on easily and well. There are so many tones and shades which is a big "" thing"" with me."
"This is an excellent basic set, especially for a new user.  This set gives you EVERY variation of gel pen....milky, glitter, metallic, rainbow, standard opaque, etc.
  This is not to say it isn't good for veteran gel pen users.  Pens don't clog, pretty smooth application, great variety of colors, fast drying.  A good buy for the price."
Lots of colors. Write well
"I'm a huge hobbyist of adult coloring books and just recently discovered gel pens. . I love them so much more than the colored pencils.... They really make your picture pop. . Especially if you at some glittery or Metallics. . This set is even more amazing than my first. . A variety of different style pens,  an unending choice of colors and they work wonderfully. . They come smoothly,  don't leak or smudge easily. And doesn't go through paper unless it's really thin. . I really enjoy using them. . The only problem I have is actually deciding on a color!"
Very smooth.
Very pleased with these!
I like the fact there are 120 unique colors no repeats
A terrific package for coloring.  I've enjoyed using these rather than colored pencils.
got this for my daughters 60th. she is very happy. she now has no excuse for not having the right color for her progects. Thank you. a really good choice. HF
Love the thanks
I just try a few ones and they are excellent. I recommended to anyone.
"Wonderful gift for an artistic child or adult.
So many color choices - beautiful presentation."
"Love the variety of colors, but the ink goes fast.  I bought these for coloring books and they were perfect."
love the pens
"I'm very pleased with the variety of colors and types of pens. They work well for my coloring projects, and would make an excellent gift for anyone who has an interest in coloring or drawing."
"love these for my adult coloring books. color well and work great for outlining cause it glides so well. amazing choices of colors in different styles. pastels, metallic, glitter, etc. worth price."
"I was a little disappointed. Not all pens are glitter. Pens are regular size so have to be used sparingly as to not use them up quickly. I do like the colors. Work well,no blotches."
Very nice pens.  Lots of colors and easy to use.
"Hiya! I want to start off by saying this set is one of the best bulk gel pen sets that I have purchased. I have frequented places like Michael's and A.C. Moore and I must say while those last longer, the variety in this pack is by far superior. A couple of the pens were loose (the cap wasn't screwed in all the way), but all of them wrote beautifully with minimal effort to start.

I use these for coloring and for taking notes in school, since it makes life so much easier when it is all color coded. I will most certainly buy this again!"
I received the gel pens exactly where I was notified of shipment. I am very happy with the pens. The pens flow nicely on the paper. I am satisfied with the gel pens. Thank you!
"Excellent product, great colors and good price"
Many colors and the pens work very well. The case they come in is also very convient for holding and keeping them organized. Good quality and very good price.
Work well.
Great colors and tons of ways to use all these for any art project!
"I think these are the best one I have ordered, and I have ordered all different ones. I would had given 5 stars, but the one thing that's a problem is you need to tap it from time to time because they just stop working. But I love the ones that have 3 or 4 different colors in one pen. I would highly recommend these pens, and you get 120 I definitely will order these again."
"Great variety of colors, only drawback with these is that they don't last as long."
Great variety of colors. Great shipping. And love the packages.
No bleed through and my pages look great and vivid!!
Came right on time as promised with Prime. I love the large assortment and if they last pretty good I will be even more satisfied.
Bought these for my wife who colors in the adult coloring books to relax. She likes them and she's not easily impressed
"I had only used colored pencils before this and loved them, but they needed constant sharpening.  Using the gel pens has made using my coloring book experience a lot more fun.  I was surprised at how much shading I could do with the colors, giving depth to items, and how vibrant the colors are."
"like the pens,  Would have preferred the case to be more flexible.  Over all a good buy."
"I purchased this set of gel pens to use for adult coloring.  I had previously bought another brand of 60 pens, and wanted more color options and better pastel pens, as the other brand's pastels barely worked.

This does have 120 unique colors, mixed among standard, metallic, glitter, neon, pastel, multicolor, etc. Most of the pens worked well  - the glitter and metallic especially so. The standard and neon were pretty good, and the pastels not good at all. I don't use the multicolor pens, so I can't comment on that.

I wasn't very happy when I first purchased these, as some of them didn't work or were very scratchy. I contacted the company and they immediately and graciously sent another set,  which was much better. Theonly issue I had with the new set was the pastels.

I feel that I should mention that in the 5 different brands of pens that I've bought, only the gelly roll pens had lighter / pastel colors that worked. All the others had the same scratchy, dry feel to them.

 It seems to be a standard issue with gel pens that the lighter colors do not work as well as the darker or the textured (glitter, metallic, etc).  So I only removed one star for that, as you will experience the same with other brands in this price range (gelly rolls are definitely more expensive).  Aside from that, this is a great package of pens - lots of colors and textures, good quality for the majority of pens, great customer service."
"Great gel pens. Good value. Many colors. Regular,metallic,neon,glitter and mixed."
I bought these pens for myself and absolutely love them. So many wonderful colors and they are so smooth. Will definitely buy them again. They are a little cheap feeling but I can over look that since they color great!
I recently bought a set of these pens for myself and was so pleased with them that I bought a set for my daughter. Very pleased with them and the service from Amazon.
Many of these were dry and unusable. Most require me to stop while using them and shake them vigorously to keep the ink flowing. Disappointed.
This will be a gift but very pleased with the service
These came as advertised. There is a good bit of ink in each pen. They color quite nicely.
"Bought these as a gift, they were well received."
"As for colors, these would get 5 stars. You get a lot of different colors and styles (metallic, glitter, milky). But the quality isn't great. When they work, they cover nicely. But I have had a lot of them go dry on me and then I have to store them upside down for a min or scribble on something for them to work again.  It's annoying and then it makes my work look a little scratchy."
Nice
Excellent product and excellent service from the vendor
Absolutely love these!!!!
Great pens. I will buy them again.
"Great quality, and variety love the colors."
Awesome pens!! Quick delivery.. I bought them for coloring books and they are perfect.. I will buy from them again..
Love the variety
Great set -- almost too large! I made myself a chart in the front of my most recent coloring book so I can pick out the right color. The glitter ink is really pretty. These will get plenty of use.
nice but they stop writing alot
Great inexpensive pens to add to your art supplies all different colors as well huge selection of colors
I love all the different colors.
"great set! not like most 100+ gel pen set, there is NOT multiples of many colors. These go on smooth. My new go to set"
"I loved the first pen I used from the set, but the second pen I used stopped working after just a few seconds of coloring. Not happy."
Every light green pen literally dried out after two minutes of use...bummer.
Beyond happy with these pens....Our girls do very intricate coloring projects and these are just PERFECT
looks great - haven't tried them - they are a gift for a 7 yr old boy so once he tries them then I'll know how sturdy they are
"The pens are great, but wish they were categorized and more convieniently packaged."
"My kids love coloring with these so far. When my daughter came home from her cousin's house telling me that she colored with Gel Pens, I didn't understand - I thought Gel Pens were a writing instrument, not for coloring! Now I do! I bought this set, and the colors are so special...it's amazing that a simple pen can produce such glitter and shine.  My kids use them with those adult-style coloring books (I bought one with smaller pages so they don't run out of patience before they finish coloring the page) so there's only a little bit of space to fill in and the results are really beautiful (pens wouldn't work with traditional coloring books)."
"love these pens, so many colors and variations.  I have been having such a great time coloring."
they work
"This is a wonderful gel pen set,so many colors and fun to use for my Adult Coloring Books. Has more glitter and metallic gel pens then any set I have ever brought. So many different colors of pastel,neon,basic,glitter,swirl colors and of course,glitter and metallic gel pens. I have used every color some many times and love every color. They all write very  smoothly and no skipping of color. Fabulous  set of gel pens. I will buy this set again in the future. Shuttle Art has a great product."
Nice set of pens. Most work well. Good selection of colors. Disappointed to find pens with mixed inks. I can't see a reason to start out with a blue pen and have it suddenly change to a red pen.
Like pens but want to be able to order individual colors.  Some colors we use more than orhers. I have tons of some colors I never use and run out of others all the time.
"Iam so happy to have the variety in hues and shades. Makes my coloring even more fun and more satisfying. It's surprising sometimes, too. Glitter or a quick change in color can fire a moment of hidden talent. Very, very happy"
"All the pens seemed to flow pretty well, a few took a moment or two to get the flow started.  Color wise, although it was supposed to be 120 unique colors I found that several seems exactly alike.  The only ""down"" side I found was a few of the pen cap color was way off from the actual pen color.  I would buy this product again and I am very pleased with the way the pens are packaged (in bundles of 30 each plastic pouch), which makes them easy to handle."
"No surprises, very prompt service and fast shipping. I would recommend to friends and family"
My daughter loved them!
These pens are fantastic.  Ilove that they actually have 120 different colors as opposed to toher sets that have 120 but have 40 duplicates or 60 and 60 refills.  The metallics  are beautiful and just the right shimmer to them.  Ant the Glittters so many.  I can say nothing bad about this set.  I would recomend them to anyone wanting to have  a large selection of colors and  effects.
"I really really wanted to love these pens for coloring. The price of $21 - $24 for a 120 pen set is quite reasonable. I have purchased so many different gel pens in search of the 'perfect' set -- Maybe it's just me but I seem to keep ordering pens, but regardless of the 'brand' they all offer very similar colors and are the same mediocre quality - the ink cartridges and pen body and caps are even the same? (I have found that Gelly Rolls are in a totally different league, pricey, smooth as silk, but very little selection as to colors for adult coloring books.) This Shuttle Art set does have colors not commonly found in other sets - many colors are unnatural and are quite garish in my opinion. It does have a peachy/light skin color I haven't found in my other pen sets that almost works for accenting/highlighting things like fairy faces.

However, the major problem is they are 'scratchy' in coverage. Coloring more in the same place merely adds scratchy lines which show up even more when ink dries. The ink in most of the pens flows freely, but if not careful can be quite 'watery'. So far, I have found these pen cover best on rough cheaper paper - unfortunately, coloring with watery pens on cheaper/thinner paper means bleed though and possible 'puddles' of color.

Sadly, I am not satisfied with quality, coverage, or color selection even at this price point. I have decided to keep about 20 or 25 of the pens from the set however as it does have unusual colors that might work as accent or highlighting when used with other pens (from a different set), and have passed the remaining pens on to a child who likes to color."
Awesome assortment of colors. Got one for me and one for my 9 year old grandson since he's picked up his Gigi's coloring bug!
April 10th. I'm updating my review. The company refunded my money-graciously. Then about six months later they asked me if I'd be willing to accept another pack and give the gel pens another try. I'm glad they did because the new pens are perfect. Thanks for going the extra mile in follow through. You get five stars from me. First review- 6 months ago.  Half of them didn't work. Old stock!
Nice colors. Issue I have is many of the pens are already missing about 3/4 inch or more of ink. Otherwise ok pens.
These don't seem to last very long to me. I also expected the shade of the ink to be the same or similar to the shade of the lids but they aren't so I found it hard to know what color the ink would be.
"I definitely don't recommend this for adult coloring books, unless you like to color things using extremely unrealistic colors. While there are 120 unique colors, many of them are pastels or metallics. If you need a shade of red, orange, yellow or green that is somewhere in between, like yellow green for instance, there isn't one. Instead of getting 120 colors that span the spectrum of colors, you get 20-30 basic colors, 40 metallic colors, 30+ pastels and a bunch of colors that are just really random."
"Great colors, great diversity. The pens were not all filled equally but for the price I'm not complaining. They all write very well"
LOVE THESE PENS!!!  This Gel Pen Set is AMAZING!! The pens all write very smooth and the colors all vibrant.  MUST HAVE for crafting and scrapbooks alike!!
Love the pens!! Only problem was some of the caps would not come off .
"I  wrote and gave them a bad review because half the pens wouldn't work , I'm a big adult coloring book fan because I'm on dissibility for my back. But they reached out to me sent me their apologies and sent me a set of new pens and they are awesome!!!!!! They are my favorite now! And the company have to be Christians to make things right for people . I wish I could rate higher than 5!"
Beautiful color choices and lay down of ink.  6 pens missing in package but did not detract from my 5 star assessment.  Figured it was a error but who cares. Highly recommend and would definitely purchase again.
"Unfortunately there are too many dark colors for me.  I am into oranges and purples with glitter,which there aren't enough of.  Also, every almost every pen has stopped coloring right in the middle of a picture.  I do mange to get them running again by hitting the point on the paper."
Very nice! I love all the colors!
The colors available with this set are extraordinarily fun!
not happy with these pens at all . it is like they have an air bubble in them and the ink is stuck
greattransaction
Exactly what I needed. I'm very happy with them.
Very pleased.
My kids love these!
Very nice for the price!
"I was completely happy with my shuttle art til I noticed 1 of the silver pens in pack 2 is leaking from the cap. Some of the pens don't quite work right,they don't write. Otherwise.....they're great."
My daughter loves it.
"One pen was completely dried out when it arrived.  Two had cracked lids; one of those was also missing the nib (I think that's what it's called...the little ball in the pen point) and the ink just drained out into the broken lid (getting all over the container I put them in).  Another color was also missing the nib, but I haven't put it upside down yet, lol.

Other than that, the colors are nice.  Have to shake the sparkly pens frequently when using.  Ink seems to go quickly, but I've not used other brands yet, so I'm not sure if it's usually like that."
very good pens
Almost all pens stopped working as they should right away. Returned for refund.
"Don't waste your money. Ive had to throw out at least 10 markers because they didn't work at all. oh, I forgot to mention that two of them leaked all over. Run away from this product."
Great pens have had no problems with any of them Lots of colors and types of gel. fast delivery.
love the pens for coloring
This is actually the third set i have ordered. I love these pens.
"love the different colors! the pens roll well too, love this set!"
These pens are fantastic!  I would highly recommend them to anyone.  When I run out I'll purchase this same product again ... they are that good!!!  Great price too!  Thank you for making a product that works and is a good price too.
bought this as a Christmas gift for my grand daughter and am pleased it is as discribed.
This does not contain 120 unique colors. There are 60 different colors and there are two of each color. The photo provided is not a correct representation. They are more like fine point markers.
"They work relatively well, although despite the quantity, only 2 of the pens come in believable flesh colors."
"I really liked my gel pen set, the colors are great especially the glitter ones, most of them had good flow except for light green yellow and blue, they needed some coaxing.  I would recommend them and will probably buy again."
so far so good great colors
Absolutely love these pens and the price was great as well!!
great colors smooth to work with....
"I'm addicted to adult coloring books,  so bought these after reading the great reviews as I was running out of pens.  They arrived quickly and well-packed.  They arrive in 4 reusable packs of 30 pens each.  There are a lot of colors.  Initially,  they were quite free-flowing and didn't require a lot of scribbling to get them started.  I noted that they didn't seem to be as full as they could be.  Now that I've been using them a while,  they require shaking-down each time I use the (for all colors).  Also,  they are very wet colors and tend to smudge easily.  There are 7 swirled colors which make no sense to me and I tend to avoid using these pens.  So,  although they do have some nice colors,  I don't think they're a great value."
This is a really great set if you are looking for variety as I am.  I love having so many choices.
These are great! I have every color I could ask for!
Beautiful colors. Smooth glide. Doesn't bleed through too much but can be seen on the back side of the page. See picture.
Wow.  Love this set.  SO many colors to choose from.  Was pleased at how fast this item was delivered-all the way up in the wilderness in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Amazing!
I'm an avid adult color-er and I use all sorts of pens/fine tipped markers. this set really does have a massive amount of colors/styles and I love it (^o^)
"Love theses gel pens, 120 colors, no duplicates, affordable price, good quality. Fast shipping!"
"OMG! I LOVE all the colors and there were no duplicates!  Unfortunately, I brought them over to my granddaughter's house and now they are her property!  Looks like I will have to spring for another set!"
Great variety!
"Arrived on time as always. The sleeves, or pen cases,  don't hold the pens very well. It takes so much effort to get the pens back in I ended up using my own container for all of them. Also it looks like all four pieces were connected but they were all separate. Many of the pens did not write no matter what I did. With other pens I usually blow on the open end while writing and that'll get the ink flowing nicely. I'm not able to do that with any of these so far. Otherwise I real like the fine point and variety of colors."
"I liked the colors of the pens, but alot of my pens hardly work. As well the colors on the cap of the pens DO NOT match the color of the pens this is very misleading basicaly by putting different color caps on the pen saying every shade is different only to pick up a pen and it be a totaly different color then what it says. Also i have used the pens once and half of them are alreddy falling apart."
I wanted different shades and this set gave me what I was looking for thank you
"Wonderful product. Along with the adult coloring book, this is the first time my wife (who has Alzheimers) has enjoyed something that stretches her mind."
"Love them, so do my kids. I need like three more!"
Great pens will order again.
Like the set.
I had bought 2 sets one for my mother and one for myself.  We love the bright colors but not happy that in both sets (hers&mine) some of the pens had leaked. Maybe next time I will try another brand
"Some flow nicely, but a lot of them scratch the paper they are so sharp and slow. There are, Im sure, many sets that are comparably priced but better quality."
Best Gel Pens I have purchased in awhile. They all actually write !!! What a nice surprise that they all actually work!!
"Love, love, love them.  Just bought a 2nd set for my grandaughter."
"I was somewhat disappointed. Especially after seeing so many rave reviews. Here is why. It feels, in most of the pens, that the ink is kind of dry. The pen sounds 'scratchy' and not a lot of ink comes out. Even tapping it on the paper does not seem to help. It is worse with the standard colors than the glitter or metallic.
Greens- they all look the same. Just minor variations on one color. There is very little variance. No real dark green, or olive, just a light, bright green that is repeated with glitter, metallic and magic. Slight variations to be able to say they are all unique. If you are doing anything that requires a lot of different green, this is not the set for you.
Earth tones- not many. I do like the almond color, but the other 4 are, again, pretty much the same.
Purples- now this they aced. If you like purple and use it a lot, this is a good set.
Blues- average. A few good blues.
Yellow- honestly, how much can you really do with yellow?
Orange- a good number or oranges, but like the greens, they are all very similar.
Reds- pretty good.
Pinks- very good selection.
I do like the pastels. The 'magic' pens, I just don't get. Why even bother when they are the same as the others? Ok. They look black in the pen, but write in a color. They would be better off with more greens.
Bottom line, I was disappointed. The colors were pretty similar and the pens seemed kind of dry. I don't know if that is true, or if the ink is normally drier. But that scratchy quality really kills a lot of it for me. I guess I will stick with Gel Writer. They have better pens, even if two leaked.
Updated... I got a response from Shuttle Art and frankly, they were terrific. They explained that the 'scratchy' pens are pens usually used for writing and have much smaller ball points. So less ink is released when using the pen. So that was the way they were designed and not a design flaw. They were very cooperative and for that reason I have upped the stars. Thank you Shuttle Art for the contact."
happy
I have not had the opportunity to use all of the pens but so far only a couple of them were dry. I will say that I have tried most of them. You have to use some of them to determine what they are. The glitter ones are the only ones that are obvious by just looking. The lids on the metallic ones help. I've enjoyed using them and I do like the amount of different types and colors. I just wish they were marked as to what they are. For me they're a good buy.
This is such a great product. You can keep everything together and it will not get scattered in different places. I want to thank you for this wonderful product.  Thank you!
"These pens are awesome! They write super smooth and look beautiful! My only complaint is not enough colors of the same type (this pack comes with glitter, metallic, milky, standard, neon swirl and rainbow inks)."
"Fun, lots of choices"
love it must get some more some have run out
Just as expected. Will make a great stocking stuffer!
These pens were just what I was looking for!! Top notch.
"The only thing that would make these pens better is if they were medium tipped instead of fine point, and it would have been nice if the pens were labeled according to color and type."
"I would technically say 3.5 stars.  I received the item and I was really really excited to be able to use them.  The first thing I did was sample and catalog each and every color so I would know exactly what it looked like on actual paper and mention any characteristics (glitter, multi-colored pen, whether it was scratchy, etc.)  I was won over by so many glowing reviews and from a few of the sample photos made by other reviewers.

It isn't a bad set, really, but it wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  If you love pastels and neon colors and color changing pens (I don't actually really see the appeal of that one very much,) then this would be the set for you.  However, if you like darker, richer, jewel tone colors, then you will likely be a bit disappointed as I was.  The darkest green is a decent green, but I love deep forest greens (which none could be found,) rich burgundies, deep blues (it did ok on that color,) royal purples (it had one that would work,) etc.  Even red was somewhat lacking (there was one, but I would have loved more options.)  Mostly, there were pinks, yellows, (the wrong shades of) green, oranges, etc.  The vast majority of the colors were neon, too bright, or very pastel.  Out of the entire set of 120 pens, I only really liked 39 of them.. and most of those were just plain vs. glitter of the same shade.  I was also rather surprised to see that there wasn't a single shade that could be a realistic skin tone.  Keep that in mind if you have a coloring book that has you coloring people and you want it to look even moderately realistic.

I will echo the notion that some of the pens are a bit scratchy and almost all of them were a bit loose and required tightening.  Not a huge deal (on the tightening aspect anyway,) but it still shows the quality, or general lack thereof.  I suppose I'm still on the hunt for a set that caters to the more darkly-inclined, as this just was not it.  I figured with 120 colors that I'd be able to use at least half of them to my liking, but that was not the case at all.  The reviewer that left the photo of the sheep with the multi-colored blues (and I think purples, perhaps?  I'm not looking at it at the moment,) was what got me to buy it because I love that color combination so much, which is why I thought this set would have a lot of beautiful jewel tones.  Sadly, those few colors are about the only beautiful ones (to me.)

Bottom line: if bright colors, neons, and pastels are your thing, this is a great set.  If you prefer darker and richer colors, you will be disappointed."
Love the variety of colors.  Super fast delivery too.
Met expectations
I love this set.  It truly has many unique colors that allow you to really use complimentary shades in the same color family.  I have not found that in other sets.  I already ordered two more of this set.
Love em.  Makes beautiful pictures on my adult color books.
Fast service. Beautiful colors.
wonderful
"These pens are really nice.  The ink spreads evenly and is not scratchy at all.  I am not sure about the ones that have the different colors in them.  I don't think I like that because there is not very much of any one color, but it is an interesting concept.
As far as I can tell, the colors are not repeated, which is nice.  Some are very close but there are differences.  I am glad I got these and am looking forward to coloring with them."
"The colors are great, and the ink flows smoothly."
These are the best gel pens I've ever used. No bleed or smear. Only 3 stars because I have come across about 12 so far that are dried up and there isn't very much ink in each pen.
"2nd set of these & not because the 1st set ran out of ink or had a problem.  I have family coming to visit & when they do, I load them down with my favorite things.  (I live on the Dutch Caribbean island of Bonaire & if I can get family/friends to bring things so I don't have to pay the additional shipping charges - well, I do it.)  It has a couple of blue's that I really like.  I also find that these blend well.

To all you gel pen suppliers out there - because I have a few ""go to"" colors I use a LOT, it would be awesome if there was a system to identify the colors on the pens & a way to get refills for them.

So I am a gel pen snob!  I love this set best if for no other reason, it's got a kinda ""white"" glitter pen!  All 120 of them worked 1st time & I didn't have to scribble them to get them started!  Will buy them again!"
"Horrible, very disappointed!"
You have to be careful because they do run some!
very pleased with the quality i do wish the pens were marked with the names of the co[ors
Beautiful pens!!  Work well and easily even for my mother who has advanced rheumatoid arthritis.  Excellent product!!
It's everything I expected.
Fair
"I like it.  Not a prefect set however.  Though I have not yet used all the pens, so far I have 1 defective pen, which I am hoping that with some tape it will work out-- it fell apart when I tried to use it.  All the others one that I have used, so far, I really like.  I like the huge color selection and the fine points. Not positive that I would buy again.  But in all honesty, I like it better than the other pens sets I have gotten."
Nice colors and as advertised.
"Love the variety of colors!  Able to make good, clean lines."
High quality gel pens and nice rubber band holder!
"These pens are wonderful...........so many colors to choose from.....Ordered 2 sets, love them!"
"I like these pens okay, they have a lot of colors to choose from with 120, but am a little disappointed. They are not equally filled, some pens are almost empty and I just got them and just started writing to test colors.  Some you start to write with and they work and then stop, as if they are dried out, but then after scribbling a little they have color again.  I have two co-workers who were considering purchasing this set as well after they saw mine, but asked for my feedback and I can't recommend them based on my experience.  See attached picture and you will noticed the differences in ink levels, these have only been used to draw some lines to check out color shades; I haven't actually started any pictures yet."
Had a smaller version of these gel pens but I love all of the colors offered in this set.  Haven't checked each pen yet but so far I have only had a problem with one pen and that was that the point was loose but it was still easy to use even in intricate designs.
"Now these are wonderful. Can't say too much about the swirl ( I wish I could do the photo thing- maybe later). They aren't so much swirled as they are layered. I was a bit disappointed. It's like you have that certain color for a minute, then the next, and so on. Not swirled together - that would have been cool. Even still, I gave this set 4 stars because each one has ease of gel flow with only an occasional lick and scratch of paper to get going again. The pens come packaged just like pictured, those are separate trays and not attached to each other like a booklet, which I really enjoy. It's like ringing out a pallet at a time to work with. Careful not to let the tray bow too much while the flap is open or you can dump out all the pens. Their kind of flimsy, but they do snap closed. Another thing is the color of the outter pen and cap don't really match the ink. Some are way worse than others. You get used to looking at the ink tube instead."
Love all the colors im enjoying them just wish they could last longer
"I haven't had these long but so far they work great! I love the colors. I made a sheet of 120 boxes and then labeled them 1-120, I cut out little pieces of paper with the same numbers and taped them to the pens and then made a sample in each box. That way all I have to do is look at my chart, oo, number 27 would be perfect for this, ok let's find the number 27 pen!

I believe one of these pens is just plain glitter with no color but I could be mistaken."
OMG!!!!!!! SO SO AMAZING!!!!!!! THE COLORS ARE CRAZY BEAUTIFUL AND EVERY ONE OF THEM THAT I USED ALL READY WORKS!!! I WOULD SO RECOMMEND THIS TO  ANYONE!!!!!!!! IT IS EVEN GOOD FOR COLORING BOOKS!!!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!  :)*
"Item arrived with many pens missing.  The seal on the set was broken, very upsetting as it was a last minute gift."
Love these Gel pens...received them 3 days ago and haven't been able to put them down....very pleased!!
"This would have been a 5 star product, but about 10 of the pens are dried out or do not work. Frustrating for my daughter, but i guess it is good that there are so many other pens to use."
They work very well.  Lots of good colors.
I love these things the colors are amazing
A great variety of colors and so much fun to use. Are fantastic to use with adult color books.
This item is exactly what I have been looking for. I will be ordering a set for my mom and another for my sister for Christmas.
"Good gel pens, great colors and well worth the money"
"I have immensely enjoyed drawing with these colored gel pens. I do many still lives of seashells, and the metallic and glitter colors add just enough oomph to give the pictures that extra oomph."
"I ordered these for stocking stuffers, It takes up a lot of space and the girls will love them...win, win."
"Loved them Jell pens are nicer I think than colored pencils.
I still use pencils. The colors are varied. You should find any color
you want. It also contains glitter pens.
You can't fail by buying this.
With the knowledge If you color a lot they will run out
sooner than you think"
"These pens were a big hit with my coloring friends on vacation.  Such lovely, lively colors and the ink flows well.  Love all the yellows, oranges, and greens that are included in this pack.  Colors you don't find anywhere else - especially the soft blues, teals, and sea greens - love, love, love!"
Happy with my purchase. I did knock one star off because a few of them are hard to get going. But the colors are brilliant and there are lots of options. I took them out of case just for ease of use. You get 4 sleeves full of pens. 120 total.
I just received my pens! Tried them out and knew I had found what I've been looking for!! Thank you.
These are a gift for my grand daughter very good value
Okay range of colors although many are so close you can't tell. Packaging is poor quality and awkward.  Quite a few of the pens skip. Okay at special price offer.
Great set. No repeats. Only one did not flow instantly. Great coverage. Flows perfectly. The glitter gels are amazing. Get it while they last. The price is already going up.
Love the colors.  They are so much fun to use.
"These pens are great! The flow really nicely. When I originally got my order, I received two packages of the same pens. I reached out to the company and within a day they sent me code, so I could order the pens again. They were wonderful!!!  I recommend these pens for adult coloring or scrap booking."
I love them and I work with kids my kids love the colors thank you
"great colors, the best I have bought."
"I am in LOVE with these pens.
First of all I have to say I wasn't expecting much from them because the price was so good. But they are amazing pens!
They really do have 120 different colors, including translucent gel ink, opaque gel ink, metallics, glitter inks, and basically every color you could want. I originally bought them to write in my journal but now that I have seen just how smoothly they write, I will also be using them in my coloring book.

I have already recommend these to several of my friends and they are excited to order theirs. This may also end up at the top of my Christmas gifts list!"
The colors are true and vibrant. The inl flows freely and doesn't smear.
I'm obsessed with these. Love them.
"There are some great colors in this that you don't get elsewhere, but the quality isn't quite as good as some of the other brands. I have found that some of the pens ink stops and you have to get it going again, a couple of the pens just wouldn't work, and with some pens the ink doesn't go on as evenly. The different colors it has, is why I gave it 4 stars. I like to have more color options. They are easier to do fine lines with is another good point."
Nice assortment of colors. covers well and does not bleed through paper on most colors
Very nice set of pens. I love using them. So many colors.
"Half of the pens hardly worked.  I had to shake a few of them just to get the ink to come out.  The others  I could not get to work at all, I tore a whole in the paper trying to get the pens to work.  I did get one pen to work well, however it ran out of ink after using it a few times.  I'm not very happy with the product and will not purchase again."
"Pens are wonderful! The colors were different than other set, but I enjoy them immensely."
A huge selection of pens. Well worth the cost
AMAZING!!!!!! IN SO MUCH LOVE 
I liked this product
"Not really too impressed with this set, in general. Still trying to figure out which ones are supposed to be ""magical,"" pens don't flow smoothly or consistently. The ""rainbow"" pens aren't rainbow, swirl or anything other than a single color. When using on anything other than regular notebook paper, it puddles. And they take FOREVER to dry!!! The more standard color pens are more like a ball point than a gel. Can't really tell a difference between gltters and metallics. The only ""milky"" pen is the white one. Wasn't expecting a high quality set for the price but was looking for something that would at least be good for filling in the blanks. Looks like my nephew is getting some pens to add to his junk"
"Absolutely amazing! Best gel pens I have ever used. Beautiful colors, but the glitter ones are my favorite!!"
These colors are bright  and write smoothly.  You Get a great variety of colors.
Enjoy these pens a lot. Live the variety of colors. They seem to last a long time. Would recommend this to anyone who likes to color.
Pen flow is nice and feel of pen is good.
"I found the gel pens to be of a high quality as well as a great assortment of colors. I am disabled and need products that are easy to use.  Since I have received them, I color daily."
"Nice set of pens. I would have preferred to see them labeled with the color name. Even though there were no duplicate colors, it seemed that the colors were carried over into the glitter and metallic pens. Some of the roller tips were not smooth and I had to go over the same area again."
"Oh my goodness, I am in heaven!  These pens are awesome, purchased for an array of adult coloring books, they have not disappointed at all, they color smoothly with no blobbing.  Only a slight wiggle of the tip on paper to initially get the ink flowing on their first use, so not a big deal.  I would buy this product again for myself in a heartbeat!"
These pens seem to write well. My only complaint is how the lids fit.
Best of many good sets bought through here yet. Color selection and ease of use are both awesome.  Would definitely buy again at such a great price.
I like that there are no duplicates and it's easy to move from pack to pack without taking a huge amount of space.
I can't imagine any other color options. These Pens have entertain me for weeks now. The only drawback with them all being unique is your favorite one still first
Great bang for the buck.  Wish they were labeled which is what. Just on the papers.
"All the pens work great! Also, the package that the pens came in is wonderful because it allows you to keep count of and keep all your pens organized. This set has a great variety of colors and I couldn't be happier with my purchase!"
Nice set and the ink is smooth
Exactly what I wanted
Love all the colors but the ink in the pens are not filled to full. Going through the colors too fast. They could be filled a lot fuller.
"I've only had these one day, and I can't put them down! So much fun to use for the adult colouring books! Nice to not have to be sharpened all the time also. Great for fine details."
"Little bit ""streaking "" with theses gel pens but not to bad."
Great gel pens!! I just love having 120 different colors to choose from. Best buy for my coloring needs!
The colors are very beautiful and the quality is very good. I will never buy anything else.
What a deal!! So many colors! So little time!
Great variety and fast delivery.
Great set. Love all the colors. Glide smoothly on paper.
"I love the colors and the way it colors but the tops won't stay on! Also, Ive had to screw on some of the tips as they were lose."
They were great
These are fantastic! So many colors to choose from and they work and look great!
My husband loves this set. The colors are beautiful.
It was exactly what I expected. Pens work great and the price was great
These gel pens are really great.  The glitter ones are my favorite because it is packed full of glitter.  The rainbow gel pens are super neat with how the colors are stacked and organized unlike swirl gel pens.  None of my pens have been scratchy or not written when I used them.  I would most buy these 100% again if I needed more gel pens.  I purchased these at full price and am completely satisfied with my purchase.
Great color selection and the pens work very well for my projects.
So much variety of colors. I especially love the glitter and neon colors.  A white pen is even included in the set. I used it to highlight the darker colors and make them stand out more. The quality is great and affordable too. A must if you love coloring books.
Absolutely love this product
"These pens are perfect for coloring.  There are glitters, pastels, neons and an incredible assortment of colors."
perfect for any art project.  Really love the idea of so many shades of each color.
Excellent Pens! All of them work and such a variety of colors!
Won't be re ordering these pens again i only used the twice and ran out of ink in two pens and they don't write smooth you ruin your paper and picture your coloring this make me mad it shouldn't be like this ! And the money you pay not worth it
Great product at a great price. Got them for my daughters birthday and she loves them.
"The colors, selection of colors are great but as with most gel pens, the ink runs out much too quickly."
Love the selection
Love these pens. Wish they lasted longer.
I received this 120 gel pen set by shuttle art as a gift. So far the only thing I like about them are the beautiful colors. I just started using them and over half of them the ink won't come out on paper. Plenty of ink in the pens but it just won't come out. Very disappointed. It would be nice if they would work.
Best pens I've ever used.
Worth it!!! Period.
Good pens  but the casing that holds them ripped out the bottom on the first day I had them
There truly are NO duplicates. These pens color wonderfully! Bought them as a gift for my mother and she uses them everyday!!
I really like these. Got alot of colors to choose from. And I color alot so that helps
"These gel pens are awesome. Doesn't seem like a big enough feeling I have for them. First the price was very reasonable, love the four separate cases they are in also especially with the large rubber band to join them all. Great for transporting. There are so many beautiful and different colors. Neon glitter are one of my favorites and there are about 16 of those alone. They write so very smoothly and I just fell in love with them just testing them out!!!! I highly recommend this gel pen set to anyone. Very good quality and a wide range of colors!!!!"
They were exactly what I wanted.  I am enjoying using them in my adult stress free coloring book.
great service.  Looking forward to using them.  Thanks.
These are great! I love the vibrancy of the colors. Some of the milky pens take awhile to dry and require second coat to get full coverage in larger areas. Let dry fully before applying the 2nd layer and lines disappear. The glittery ones are exceptional. Very happy with purchase! I wasn't comped for this review.
"I had never done any coloring with gel pens, but decided to try it. I bought this set because it had a lot of colors and the price was reasonable. I was not disappointed!  There are no duplicate colors and the ink flows well! I highly recommend this set for anyone wanting to try gel pens while getting them at a reasonable price!  I wouldn't hesitate to buy them again!"
No duplicate colors great
"I actually was surprised that these pens worked so well!! The ink flows out of them smoothly and all the colors are bright and fun! The glitter ones even work really well. I wouldn't recommend these (or any gel pens, really) for note taking or writing. Best for coloring. The ink is pretty thick and, because of this, they don't dry super quickly. My pens came on time, great shape and no duplicates...as promised. I don't know if it's in the description or not but there are even several pens that have multi-colored ink in them. (Like a swirl of blue, yellow and pink, for example.)"
The colors are great. I especially like that there is a brown pen.
"Love love love these pens. Just opened up the cute cases and started to color with them. Only one drawback some of them the tips are loose so before you start using it make sure you tighten those silver tips before you start to  coloring with them. But other than that I love them, I even bought my friend some"
"These are great! I ordered them because we had already used all of the ink from our last batch, which were another brand.  These write/color very smoothly and oh the colors!!!  Not sure there are 120 different colors though some are very similar and the color on the pen in comparrison to the actual ink can be deceiving.  That doesnt bother me enough to not order them again, however.  Love them!!!"
"Miss ordered these pencils when I wanted gel pens, but when they arrived I had to keep them!  Such a nice range of colors.  Very pleased.  They work well with gel pens for great results in coloring."
"Beautiful array of vibrant colors. I didn't know what to expect since I don't like markers and haven't used gel pens before so am still learning to use.  One pen had leaked out the top and made a mess in the case but still had a lot of ink left and is still usable.  The first thing I did was to make a color chart (actual color of cap is not the exact shade of color) and found that one pen wouldn't write, finally held it under hot running water for a few seconds, problem solved. It would be helpful if the color name or number was stamped on each pen.  I've colored a couple of pictures and they are beautiful--looked a little messy when wet but dried to a nice smooth finish.  I am very pleased with this set."
I like having so many color choices.
"My daughter love, but don't have a lot ink"
These are great. No two colors are the same.
"These are fantastic! The only issue I have is picking a color to use when I'm drawing/coloring. There are so many different colors and types of colors to choose from. You really can't beat this deal. As soon as I received them, I posted a picture on Facebook. So many people asked where I got them that I had to post the link to Amazon!"
Lots of great colors
Nice pens.  Thanks
Enjoying this product. Great coverage. Would highly recommend.
I received this set and I get 1 part 1 2 part 3 and 1 part 4 so it was worded incorrectly  as I have 60 of the same color  I would like to have it replaced with the correct set that was described  I have not used any of these yet as I want to get it corrected
"Very cheap quality. Ink does not flow smoothly, leaves color lines, ink doesn't even come out of some of the pens. In this case, you get what you pay for. Junk! Now I have to take my personal time to return the item."
"I have purchased these several times now.  The only thing I don't like are the multi colored swirl pens, I would rather have extra paste colored pens"
Perfect product and great price! My girls love them!!! Thank you!
"Almost too many choices. My painting, using Shuttle Art, could not have been made without this product. The colors detailed my design perfectly and I will recommend this product to others."
Love these pens! Especially the metallic ones!
I am totally happy  with the pens. I was always looking for more  colors. Now i have what i need.
Totally pleased
"These pens are great! I've read other reviews complaining the pens aren't full, won't write, etc. I've had absolutely no problems with these pens. They write smoothly, and the colors are bright. Excellent purchase!"
"When I received my order of these pens I  was excited to try them out. This is the second full  day now that I have had them and I am completely disgusted with my experience. They were one of the most expensive sets I have purchased.and they aren't worth it.

1st issue Monday night:  I was removing the elastic band and it broke, found it was held together with tape. Not a great loss if the pens were quality.

2 Issue Tuesday Morning : I really wanted to see these ""magical"" inks because I am old enough to remember color changing inks that needed a separate ""magic marker"" to reveal the changes. I used every black there is in every shade/type of white or cream color paper I have and different light sources. All I got were Standard black, Metallic Black, and Glitter Black . No color changing ever occurred. I know many other companies supply these type of blacks. I am not a fan of gimmicks that doesn't even attempt to be included in the products being sold. I say this because yes , I received 120 pens but the ""magical"" only available with this set . Reminds me  of  the children's book ( The Emperor's New Clothes.).

I thought Maybe I was going to make this a two or three star review because the set does have a large quantity of colors and they started out doing okay after scratching some to get them going. Not an issue I  haven't seen before with new pens, usually I find that after that things are okay from then on.  This isn't the case with these neon pens. They continue to need scratching with every use.

3rd issue Tuesday Night : I was using a bright purple glitter pen that didn't want to work so I scratched back and forth 2 to 4 times the ink began pouring out and wouldn't quit. The same thing happened with a bright blue glitter pen.

I had tried all 120 on Monday and thought things were going to be okay with this brand despite no magical colors. It has been years since I have seen ink pour out of a pen like this, my first thought was the metal ball came out  but it was clearly still visible. I got some gloves and ran the leaking pen under water and unscrewed the silver tip. The leak was where the ink cartridge  and the pens nib point come together. I noticed  a lot of movement in the pens inside their barrels don't know if this helped cause the leak or not.

However all of this made it a set I really dislike and wouldn't recommend it to others."
"The color a are great, there where a few that did give even coverage but all in all I'm happy with them"
Great product.  The pens colors are just beautiful and the ink goes on smoothly.
"i really love these pens, I enjoying adult coloring and these pens are great. I have been doing this for a few months and i realized you need a variety of pens and these are great to add to my collection."
I ordered these for my daughter and when she got them she has yet put them down. I will be ordering from again.
Colors are awesome and great variety :)
I have purchased many different sets and this one by far is the best!!
"These gel pens give you every possible color you could ever need!  Glitter, neon, metallic, you name it, they've got it.  Perfect for all your coloring needs!"
Very smooth writing.  Truly are no repeats in colors.  Happy with purchase.
Love all the great colors
OH MY GOSH. These are perfect so far!!! Highly recommend!!!!!!
"For some reason this set is severely lacking in reds. The gold/silver/copper metallics are very nice, with a few other hues mixed in as well, though one of the red tinted ones had very bad flow. The neon ink flows very well and is great for fills. The multicolored ones are useless for what I am doing with the pens, but I'm sure they're great if you're using these things to write notes."
Love all the beautiful colors. My only negative is a couple of the pens were already dried out. But the color assortment is amazing
Great colors and easy
"I just love these pens!!  So many colors and styles to choose from.  I have colored daily and have yet to run out of ink.  Easy to use and very smooth flow across the page.  Very little amount of skip.  The cases are easy to use and carry .  Includes glitter, metallic, regular, swirl, pastel, and neon with silver and gold included.  Get first time product for me to start with my adult coloring interest and hobby.  I would buy again without hesitation."
"Well worth the money every color and style you need for coloring, doodling or scrapbooking. Highly recommend!!!!! Great deal."
"Awesome pens, the kids in my class, love them.."
Best pens ever!! Great color selections!
"Really great pens but, a few don't really glide along as you write like the others. They kind of scratch as they write. There is no scratching on the paper, but you can hear it when you write with them. The colors are beautiful though."
"This was supposed to be 120 gel pens. I received 30 gel pens,  1/4 of what I was supposed to get.  The package said 1 of 4. I would really like to have the other 90 pens. I would have never paid this much for 30 pens.  Very disappointed."
"I received these today and while the pens themselves feel a little cheap compared to my Gelly Rollz (which are a $1 each), the colors are simply amazing and the pens I've tested out seem to be very smooth.  Looking forward to coloring with them tonight!"
Love it ....just what I wanted
"I really love these pens! Easy to color with, really love the variety of colors. Will definitely be reordering these when I run low!"
So many colors. I'M IN LOVEE
I love coloring and it's great to have so many choices!
"I love my gel pens, they write very smooth and no skipping"
These were purchased as a birthday gift for a tween. They were a huge hit and the metallic pens were the favorites. They wrote smoothly and filled in nicely.
"These pens are so great, my friend bought some too. We both love them. It is wonderful to have them in a package that is easy to see the color. Clean up is easy and fast."
very easy to use  many different colors
"grest pens, work well"
Love all the colors.  Great for coloring books.
"There is no consistency in the amount of ink in the pens...some are full, but a lot of them are filled halfway or less. Also, some pens lay down the gel with little effort, but it's scratchy work to get coverage with others. I supposed for the money, it's a good deal, but next time I'll pay more in an attempt to get more consistent quality."
"These pens do not color consistently. For some you have to scratch out the ink to get coverage and others the ink flow so freely that you need to give yourself space for it to bleed. As another review pointed out, some of the pen points seem to  be fine and others medium.  I don't know if this picture truly shows the difference but the purple color goes on smooth with a nice flow and the blue color was scratchy and required moving the pen back-and-forth for it to come out and that was after using it on scratch paper.

The color selection and variety of glitter and metallic and the ion is great but the pens are so frustrating to use that I don't know that that even matters."
Love love love these!! Awesome colors and love that there are a lot of glitter ones to choose from. Will order again in the future.
Yes
"These are the best pens ever. Great assortment of all types, especially the glitter pens which I adore!"
"Over all the pens are very good. I have found at least 1 that will not write at all- wouldn't you know it was not one of the duplicates, but the white one. What do I use for highlights? The very crazy thing is so far I have 7 that are multi color inks inside one pen. Great for kids, but not too hot for adult coloring, which is why I bought the pens. I have to stress, of the 120 pens, ALMOST ALL work GREAT. For the price, I would consider buying again"
"Good transaction. Bought before, will buy again"
The pens are lovely but I thought they would have a finer point and really wished they'd dry faster they stay wet so long you cannot work on projects till they do. Then you go back to fill what was missed.  But all the colors are really nice so many to choose from.
"WOW! I wish there were more stars available, both for the product and the seller.  These pens are amazing!  First, obviously, is the amount of unique colors - and yes, there are 120 different colors/styles.  The ink flows nicely and gives great coverage.  I'm having fun trying them all - just got them on Monday and it's going to take a while to go through them all but these are my only ink gels from now on - I will definitely be buying them again - and probably soon at the rate I'm going!  This seller is fantastic - the shipping was quick and perfect - packaged well, nothing broken, but most importantly, the communication is excellent.  I had a question that was answered very quickly and exactly what I needed to know.  Can't thank them enough for that.
Lastly, I thank everyone in the Amazon community who responded to my question(s) about this product.  Your answers helped.  I would highly recommend this set of gel pens to everyone who wants a rainbow at their fingertips."
"I was incredibly excited to receive these gel pens to use with my coloring books and I love all the wonderful colors. The problem is, some of the pens don't work. I have to continuously shake or scratch them repeatedly on the paper in order for any of the ink to come out. Then the ink will come out for a bit and then stop. Also, one of my pens exploded all over the place. I have been using these gel pens for about a week now and I would say about half of the pens I have tried just don't work very well. I have another brand of gel pens that I bought previous to this pack and although it wasn't as many colors, I never had any problems with those gel pens. I will probably try a different brand in the future."
Make coloring book pictures look beautiful.
"This is one of the best sets of gel pens I have, I have quite a few, too. The color selection is fabulous, even has browns and tans.
This set would be even more awesome if you could buy refills for it....I've already gone through one color and almost a few more.....I color every day....I have anxiety.....coloring helps me control it......
I will most definitely be buying this set if not others from them again
THANK YOU SHUTTLE ART!!!"
Very happy! Great price! Shipping was on time as well! :)
Did meet my expectations
They are everything I expected.  Having loads of fun using them.
Nice product..pens could be a little sturdier on 2 of them part of the plastic broke  off a piece by the bottom..beautiful colors and love the glitter gel...
"Definitely 120 unique colors, altho' some are very close. I haven't used all since I'm still into pencils, but the ones I've used seem to scratch up the coloring book paper. Have to admit, tho', that I'm using lite colors with pencil techniques, so don't blame the product. Love the black for adding lines that are missing for detail! Definitely recommend, but be patient in learning technique. There might be equivalent products out there for less. I wanted everything at once, because I'm hooked on this craze."
"Good variety of colors, but a few pens don't write or are scratchy. Some of the claims by the company are hard to fins."
"Great variation of colors, easy to see the metallic from the other colors. Very fast shipping, wonderful product."
"Great project!  This is the most colors in gel pens I've found so far, without having any duplicates. The price was good, & delivery was quick. I'll be buying from this company again!"
"Love the variety of colors, best offer I have seen"
The inks in these pens are truly great. However they have swirl pens with multiple colors. I don't care for these. If they replace those with unique colors I would give this a 5-star easily. Well worth the buy.
Excellent! Very  pleased with the colors and the array of selection!
"These don't write as smooth as expected. Color distribution is a little off, not many reds, deep greens. Tons of purples/lavenders and blues."
"Im the first one to admit I hoard gel gens and markers : )  Out of all the sets I've purchased these are the best!! The colors are absolutely gorgeous.  The ink flow is wonderful and no ink skipping. Well worth the money as I paid full price. Wish I was lucky enough to be a tester!

I will be recommending this set to all of my adult coloring buddies. Thanks Shuttle Art for this BEAUTIFUL set of pens. You've outdone your selves!"
They are very nice and the colors are very vibrant
Love them order two sets and can wait to give the second set to my Mom.
Love the colors. Came on time. Can't wait to use them tomorrow. So much to choose from.
ExcellentExcellent
I was really happy with this.  It is  just as described
Very good for adult coloring books. Great variety of colors.
"Great gel pens. Perfect for adult or kids coloring. Beautiful  colors. Large variety  of styles, metallic, glitter,  pastel,  basic.etc. nice fine tip. Very happy with purchase. But wish I  could fine some with darker colors like dark greens and browns. Most adult coloring books have a majority of trees and plants. Out of all these beautiful  colors which  I love, theres only 1 brown. Alot of greens but they are lighter.  Just a suggestion,  if you make some with darker colors, they will sell."
I bought these for my daughter who does adult coloring to relax. She says they are great and she loves them!!!
"I just started using the adult coloring books and initially started with colored pencils. The pictures came out great but when I saw a pack of gel pens in Walmart it brought back old school feelings and I bought the pack. Not nearly as many colors as this pack but it made me realize coloring with the pens is AMAZING!

I ordered this set and with prime it came in two days. The set is amazing! No duplicates and the colors are the nice and bright. There is a very good selection of glitter, metallic and flat pens. I was even surprised by the swirl pens! Most of the pens are nice and smooth and the ink is nice and thick. There are some colors/pens that I need to have an extra sheet of paper to scrape on when the rollerball jams up but its not that big of a deal.

I realize that I'm going to need another pack fairly soon as the ink definitely goes fast when you are doing a larger area. So far I've colored about three pictures and am doing good on the ink levels.

I'm about to order another pack for my mom! Highly recommend!"
"Nice bright colors, I have not found the magical pens yet. Both of the pens that looked black were black."
Nicely packaged and all the pens write well
This is the best set of gel pens I he tried in a very long time!  The colors really are unique with no duplicates!  They write and color extremely well!  The first time I bought them some of the pens were dry and wouldn't write even though I could see the ink.  I told the seller about this and they immediately replaced my set without question!  I would highly recommend this set to my fellow colorists and crafters.  You won't be disappointed.  I will definitely be a return customer!
Love these pens. Very smooth and vibrant colors.
"These are fun pens, so many colors & also a nice variety,some are glitter,some are multi inks in one pen,plus neon colors they are priced right,color goes down smoothly & have had no problems with "" blotching "" or dried ink. Great for shading"
"I recently got a smaller gel pen set which I really liked for use in my Mandela coloring book. I had been using colored pencils and markers so I thought I'd give these gel pens a try. They are SO much better than the markers and pencils. I wanted a bigger better set of pens with more color options so I got this set. It is beyond wonderful. The variety of colors is spectacular. The glitter pens produce ate ally nice shine without being tacky looking. While the ink sets pretty quickly making blending difficult, it is possible to blend using thin lines of two different colors. If I had to make any criticism of this set at all it would be that I wish it came in a better container - these fall out of the plastic envelopes pretty easily. I've put them in a tupperware-like container with a lid so that small problem is solved! This pen set is a really good value for the price. I'm not sure how long the ink in these will last since I haven't used them enough to know, but if they are like most gel pens they probably last a decent amount of time, depending on how heavily they are used. I posted two examples of what I did with these pens - I hope you like them!"
"Very pleased with this purchase!! Quite an assortment of colors and I love the metallic and glitter pens! They dry faster than some other gel pens I have used. The only drawback, but it isn't a biggie, is that sometimes the caps fall off , they could be snugger...but maybe it is because I put them all in a box instead of the nice plastic sleeves they came in!! I recommend these pens!"
Awsome selection of colors.  Haven't seen this great a selection anywhere else.  Can't wait to use.  Thanks
There is a great selection of shades in each color palette. They work quite well for adult coloring books. A few of the lighter colors leave scratches on larger areas. I really like the glitter pens.
Excellent!
"I was excited to get these and now I've pulled them out and I've had trouble with so many colors not coloring or breaking in color. Where it colors and stops and then colors and stops. Makes it hard to enjoy coloring.

*edit* They reached out and found i was having the issues, they are resolving it as we speak and the new pens are on the way. Thank you for awesome customer service!"
love the gel pens
"Great pens, LOVE them!"
I use these gel pens for my adult coloring books and love the variety of 120 colors to choose from.  After you get them rolling they do the trick for my art work.
"Update: I am extremely pleased with new pens! The difference between the packs are night & day. The ink flow of the new pens are exceptionally smooth, have no breaks in color & seem to be fuller.
The seller was very gracious, as well as generous with replacements. I wouldn't hesitate to refer to a friend or buy again. THANK YOU SHUTTLE ART!!!

I do have learned a small tip that might help with those pens that might seem to be ""scratchy"". Wipe the tip off with a damp paper towel & the ink comes out beautifully.

Updated:
After contacting seller in regards to my faulty(dried up, broken/leaking ink out of bottom, ""scratchy"" non-flowing/writing ink) pens, which now total 15+ some of which I never used, they are sending me a free set.  I truly appreciate their customer service & I am hoping my next review will be a much more positive.

Thank you Shuttle Art!

Disappointed that after 2wks I have 5-6 pens that have at most been used once or twice are very nearly out of ink. If I were doing very intricate pages & they were primary colors that were used I might understand. If only I could go back, I would have purchased another brand."
"Great color choices. They need a bit of scribbling when first using them, but after the color glides out like a dream!"
"The kids love these pens for coloring.  They are able to get much more detailed when using these pens rather than crayons.  I wouldn't recommend these pens for toddlers,pre-schoolers, etc,  but for mid-elementary school on up they are perfect."
"This is my first purchase of gel pens. These are ok for anyone who doesn't expect perfection. In other words, an otherwise more advanced colorist would probably not rate them the best. Their coverage is not perfect. They tend to be streaky. For the average colorist they are acceptable. They do have a good array of colors and variety of ""types"" of ink, I.e. Shiny, milky glitter, and normal."
Some of the pens were missing about 1/4 inch of ink and some don't work very well but otherwise not too bad.
Terrific for adult coloring books.
"Great pens, they write smoothly.  Delivery was very fast.  I am pleased with this product."
"I received these pens because of a promotion. It is true that there are no duplicate colors. And almost all of the pens started writing on the first pass with just a few exceptions.  I do use the pens on one of the adult coloring books and overall think they are terrific.  The only reason I gave this set four stars is that, for my taste and purposes, there are a bit too many glitter and/or metallic colored pens.  But that is just my preference to want the variance to be with flat colors."
"Very nice, love them!"
"I am very happy with the assortment of pens I received. Beautiful colors. I received my package so fast, it was amazing."
"Not quite what I expected.  I  haven't had a chaance to use them yet, so I can't really,in all fairness, evaluate them."
"Best product for the price, the colors are all different and fun."
Many of the pens would not work.  Even changing tips on them.  Several were just thrown away.  Will try another brand next time.
"This was a gift for a family member, and so far, all I hear are thrills.  The colors are clear and bright and consistent, and the price was just right.  I would buy it again."
Good choice of colors.  Working well.  Will reorder.
"There are no repeat colors, but some variations of the colors are pretty close. So, if you start with a color, keep it out until you have completed your project as you may pick the wrong one when you go back. Out of 120, only 2 did not write as well as I expected. The flow was scratchy or uneven. A great mix of glitter, regular, opaque and translucent."
5 Stars because these gel pens are great!  They color so smoothly.  And i really love the glitter one's.  They are sparkly!  After i run all the ink out of these.  I will definitely buy some more.  They are really great for adult coloring books.  I recommend these gel pens.  They will not disappoint.
"Gel pens work well, a couple were a little slow to start, but that can be expected.  Only wish would be for a few more hues of red.  Wonderful set, colors on all coloring book mediums with beautiful and even colors.  Special colors and transition colors are fun, color blends well, really like this set. Will buy again next time I am looking for gel pens"
"Great pens with a great array of colors.  Just do not depend on the caps for the colors.  Some of the neon colors don't flow as well, but the glitter colors are great."
I really like all the different colors. It is hard to decide what to use first. My favorite is the glitter but the others are great too. The colors are better than the ones I bought for a friend over mine. The price is great.
These are really good pens! Excellent selection of varieties and colors. These pens also write smoothly. If I had any criticism it would only be I wish they contained more ink. Very pleased 
"Good value for money, they fell apart when used!"
Fine
"My family and friends would call me one big skeptic. When I ordered these I was thinking there is ""no way"" you can quality pens at this price. Yeah right. Well as much as I am a skeptic, I will say I was very impressed with the quality of the color, the pens, and the packaging. 120 is to many to go through for a while, however I do believe they will hold up over times also.
I have a duel cutting machine where I can put in a pen and it does cause a little bit of pressure to keep the pen straight. No leakage OR breakage of the pen case.
I am BUYING TWO more for my family. One for my Mom who has Dementia and loves to color in the Adults Coloring book. She is going to have a blast. The other for my sister, that you would say is a mild hoarder, I think instead of being on a shelf she will love them as much as I do!
If you are a skeptic - you will for sure like the Gel Pen Set."
"These pens are amazing. I got them for my daughter's 9th bday and she started using them as soon as she opened them. There are so many colors and they come in glitter, metallic, milky, neon, swirl, rainbow and standard. She just got them this morning so she hasn't tried them all but so far so good. She's a little artist, loves to draw and she really, really loved this gift."
"Aeesome pens, they color well."
I love my gel pens. I have never seen so many colors in gel pens. I absolutely happy.
Love these pens great options and great quality
"I ordered this because I love to color with gel pens. The only downside is that each section isn't attached to the other section. However, on that note, the colors and amount of different pens are great. They did come with a pink rubber band type thing around them to keep each section together so that is nice. It is a great deal for the price. I'll definitely order more when/if I need some more. There is metallic, glitter, milky, and regular inks among many others. You won't be disappointed if you order this product."
Thank you!!
"there are a lot of colors HOWEVER they do not go on smooth , they are very streaky . The price is great but the quality leaves a lot to be desired . I do sketching on black art paper , these colors , unlike others I have had , do not show up ."
these pens are great-really good colors and my favorite.....they dry fast!!
"Kinda cheap, lots of good colors, but not much ink in them.. and not real clean writing."
They came a lot sooner than Amazon predicted. They write super smooth and they don't leave those weird lines cheap gel pens leave. Definitely going to be buying more soon.
"This is a great set of pens for adult coloring books.  I love the huge color selection.  My favorite pens to color with are the glitter pens and this set has about 40 different colors that are glitter!  Thank you so much for that!  If you like to color with the gels pens, I recommend this set as there are is a huge selection of colors...even the earth tones which are not found very often.
This set would be great to keep for yourself if you are like me, or to give as a gift."
Wow.......Great.....HAPPY.....
"less pricey, tons of colors and the ink flows is superb! thats three things i always look for in a gelpens..."
Big bang for your money!
love how well things look when colored with these. the glitter ones give off a faint sparkle.the only problem I have is with the rainbow ones and the blended ones as they do not make any sense since they only give one color
The colors are gorgeous but the gel ink doesn't last for long and then the pen is out. Can't get much use out of them.
Rounded out my gel pen sets
"Absolutely love this product. Bought it as my first set of gel pens for coloring, and they work great. Skipping happened in a few of the glitter ones, but only as I first started using them.

All of the colors are different. It may be very minimal on a few of them, but as you build layers, it's noticeable. There's also a clear glitter pen, which is awesome and works well over the other colors (there's no true red glitter pen, so I used the clear on the red parts in the picture below).

Definitely will buy this again!"
"I bought this for someone else, and they loved it!  A lot of beautiful colors!"
I had to run the ink a little but once I did they work great.
these pens are fantastic. love them
"color selection is totally amazing, the ink lays down just perfect, and dries rather quickly! This set is perfect for adult coloring books, which is what I used it for! Most amazing assortment of colors also!!!  Love the fact that there are pretty close to 40 different glitters...love glitters...lol  also this set has some colors that I've never seen in other sets!!"
Like all the colors but ink seems old. Some pens hardly used and ink running out. Would probably think again before ordering again.
Great variety.  Exactly as expected.
I LOVE MY PENS! I have colored some pretty amazing pages with these. I wish they sold refills for the colors I use most. GREAT BUY!! Would love to have more in the future.
"Love, Love Love this set of gel pens.  There truly are no duplicates.  So many to choose from, and the gradient ink in some of the colors lets you go dark to lighter which I love.  Very impressed with this set, the ink runs smoothly with no skipping.  I will definitely order this set again!"
"Very unique colors and lots of glitter gel pens!! This is the best set I've purchased so far!! A few pens I've had a hard time starting, but for the most part, mostly work and look very nice in coloring books!! I would order again, and I am glad I found this!! Very good price too!!"
"I love these pens! There are no duplicates and they color and write great! I'm a gel pen freak and usually buy any set I can get my hands on. Smooth flow of ink. The only problem is that the packaging is flimsy, so plan on buying or using a storage case."
Fast speedy delivery. Love them!!!
"Great set of gel pens! ALL the colors you could wish for! Smooth, beautiful results! LOVE THEM!"
Excellent colors. Smooth writing.
I've already colored several pages using your wonderful gel pens.  There are a few colors I wish were sold separately because they are used so often that I'm already running low on.
I love these pens. I am very glad I bought them the colors are superb.
I highly recommend these.they have a lot of beautiful colors and they write so smooth
Great colors!
"Great product, highly recommend"
All of the colors are spectacular.  The pens roll nicely on the paper without scratching it.
"Beautiful colors, great coloring experience. Please give me a discount."
"Good colors.. Great value!!  Would have given 5 stars except there are colors that are multi-toned and not especially useful.
Basically a wonderful array of colors!"
Great product!!! I love all the colors and all are very bright and flow easily.  I have purchased a lot of gel pens in the past and the are by far the best.
"What a wonderful set of pens!  I have used other ""top rated"" brands but these really are the best.  Very smooth and steady ink flow.  And the variety of colors is remarkable.  I recommend these very highly."
Excellent product. I have enjoyed using them tremendously. Work well and beautiful colors. I will purchase again when needed.
"These are the best gel pens I've tried so far. Lots of colors, some hues just enough different that I can do shading/blending effects. My only disappointment was the elastic strap that holds the cases together snapped but not that big a deal. I like that the 4 cases are separate, making them easier to handle.  I have 1 set where the cases are hinged together but it makes them awkward to handle and I moved them to another case. I can have one case at a time open and at hand, then switch to another one. I would definitely buy this set again."
Absolutely love this pen set. They write so well and smoothly and the set does indeed have an array of colors.
These pens flow very smoothly.  They dry quickly and there is no smearing.  Even though they are only filled about 70% in the barrel after coloring an ocean scene using alot of a light blue the ink level barely moved so i think they will last awhile.
All different colors.....no way...caps don't match ink color. Priced way too high. Such a disappointment......1 star is to good for these pens!
I have really enjoyed coloring with these. There are subtle differences which makes adding fine detail a breeze!!
"I'm a person that is very picky on what pens to choose when coloring. I decided to give these pens a shot to see how well they color. I can happily say that i hit a bullseye with them. They are amazing pens to color with. I've got to say that the glitter pens brings my coloring pages to life. They are so rich in color and are not cheaply made. These pens are bright and bold. They were so much fun to color with. At the beginning some of the pens i did have to ""warm them up"", meaning that i had to take a sheet of paper to write on to get the in to flow. But once i got that started, i was not disappointed at all. These pens did exceed my expectations. And yes it's true on the no duplicates description. There are some colors that are close to being the same shade, but you can tell they are slightly different. These pens put my imagination to the test. There's even brown glitter pens! Out of all the gel pens I have bought, I finally found a set that has a brown glitter pen. So if you're an adult coloring addict like myself, these are the gel pens to get! You will not be disappointed! I've received a discount on this product in exchange for my unbiased and honest review."
"Not as advertised! I only ordered this pens because they offered ink not offered elsewhere! This is false! I have ordered several packs of gel pens, these are no different and certainly were not worth the $10 extra I paid! 1/2 of these pens write like ballpoint pens! Don't buy if you are looking for unique or magical or even gel ink!"
So many colors! Haven't done a lot of working with them but did a little with a few colors. Ink comes out smoothly and solid with no streaking and no scratching or bare spots. Can't wait to have the time to work with them more. Very pleased.
"At first I was very pleased with the colors.  I had only tried the neons and they were fantastic, but as I began to color with them I found that they did flow well at all.  I am so disappointed as this is the second set I have bought and now have to return."
"This is the best gel pen set I have purchased by far.  I just purchased a second set because there are some colors that I have not been able to get in other sets and have been waiting to get them to finish pictures.  This is the only set with a tan (which can be used for skin, light brown, and for so many things) that the bronze and darker metallics just can't be used on.  I recommend this set to anyone who uses gel pens for anything they do.  The pens write smoothly and I haven't had a problem with skipping.  The only pen that I have had a problem running low on is the light brown/tan and that is because I have used it so much.  I just wish I could order about 5 more of that one pen.  It is so nice to see colors that other sets should have in this set.
Thant you for this wonderful set.  I just wish I would have seen this before I would have bought all the others just to not find the colors I wanted."
Bought these for a gift and she loves them!
"I love to journal and wanted some colorful and fun pens to make writing a little less boring. These pens work great, and getting so many colors for the price is definitely worth it."
Pens do not work well -- spend a lot of time trying to get them to color.  Poorly made -- ends not screwed on tightly on some pens.  The color itself is very nice.
Love all the colors.
I just never planned on giving as a gift.
Great value for the cost
My students love to use these.
"Loved these! I use them for adult coloring and they glide on so well. They are not streaky, the ink flows really well. There were a few that I had to work a little to get the ink flowing at first but then they worked fine. The colors are bright and vibrant."
Purchased these as a gift for my daughter and she loved them. Very good quality and affordable. The carrying package was a nice bendable case.
Lots of colors.
