"I was afraid these would either dry up too quickly, or be bleed through the pages, but MYLifeUNIT got these right.  The colors are vibrant and bold, exactly what you want in color pens."
Great price good product
These pens are great! Write smoothly and evenly. The point is the perfect fine point.
"The color quality is fantastic and I like the fine tip,"
Love them! It's so hard to find colored pens so this was great.
I really like the pens the only thing that I am disappointed in is one of the pens was dry.
"I like these products because they are VERY fine tipped, I use them for color coding my planner as well as taking notes in college. However, they run out relatively fast. The colors are bright and fun and the pens are small and easy to hold."
they write beautifully and I absolutely love all the colors. also a great value for the price! :)
I was skeptical at the beginning when i first received these markers but months later i can say they are holding up extremely well. I really like the way they write
"Just got the pens for less than a week. Already start using it, and love it.  The colors are good, and writing is very smooth. The ink is not too strong passing the paper, so, I can use the both side of paper.  I hope it can last long.  I will reorder it again."
Best pens
Great
they are what they say they are
Color is very nice
"I loved these pens for doodling, writing in my planner to color code my activities, and even in cards to friends! Highly recommend"
"Quality pens and love the colors! Does bleed a bit through thinner journal paper. Still, would buy again."
Very nice and a joy to write with!!
Work great!
The pens do not smudge.
"Used them for months, loved the color, the tips have broken a bit which may say more about my grip than the product."
"I am SO disappointed in the quality of these pens - within minutes, the tips split! I was so excited to use these and now feel like it was a waste of money! Wish I could get my money back - these are not worth it!"
"Love them, smooth and they don't feel cheap either."
Would buy again as I like them alot.
"These work great for my planner!! Just what I needed! And for those that are concerned about leaking through pages, Ive noticed that theyll only leak through if you press down hard.. normal writing doesnt seem to cause them to leak through!"
"Very nice, well performing pens. Seem to be a very high quality. I would recommend and reorder these pens. They do not bleed through the paper."
Great set of pens and a great value.
Allows you to write notes easily in tiny cursive/print!
I really like these pens! They are perfect for annotating my books for school. The colors are gorgeous!
love the colors and they do not bleed!
Great for doodling as well as journaling & using on my calendar. Would totally buy again.
I love how these pens work. They are my favorite writing tools by far. Having the creativity of different colors to choose from is a must!
They work really well. It's a really fine line and is perfect for my calendar/organizer.
These color pens are exactly what I needed for my planners!!
"The Fine Line Drawing Pens are perfect, soft to write with and easy to cary."
LOVE these pens... bought them for my happy planner... ive tried SOOOO many other pens & they all bleed through the paper... these DONT... great colors!!! LOVE THEM!!!
"I just received my order so I haven't been using them very long but the style of the pens are nice quality and write very smoothly.  I loved all the colors that come in the package, especially for the price! I'm pleased with my order."
I got these pens for my planner and they're pretty great. I carry these to my classes and since they're so thin they don't take up any room in my book bag or get in my way
Great price! Writes well:)
I  Purchased these to use for my family calendar. They work great! As you can seeing they are bold colors and write nice and thin lines. The yellow pin works great to highlight what I have done for the day.
They've lasted for a while and been awesome. Love the colors.
Excellent
they are pens.  colored. they work.
Love how thin they are!
These are awesome and work well with my planner.
"I really like them!!
I use them every day for my planning and they are perfect, exactly what I hoped for!!

I would buy again for someone else as a gift, their customer service looks amazing!! (I didn't need it :) but in case, they look great!!)"
Love love love these pens!
Use it for everything.
"These pens are the best and so worth the price. Way better than sharpie fine tip pens in my opinion and way cheaper. They write so smooth and the colors are so vibrant. The only thing I didn't like is when I use a highlighter over the pen, it smears the ink of the pen badly. However, other than that, they're right. I will purchase them again."
I love these pens but they arrived 6 days late!
"Great quality, well pleased!"
Smooth
exactly like I thought they would be...
I love this product. The pens write so smooth. Very satisfied.
These colors are very vibrant and easy to write with. The only issue I have is that they bleed through paper easily; otherwise I really enjoy the product!
Very nice pens. The description was on point. I would but then again.
Water based color is true to color and fits well in a small hand. works well for an agenda calendar.
"I didn't realize these were the essentially tiny markers. I love the deep colors I get from these pens. Would definitely purchase again! The only down side I noticed is that since these have the consistency of a marker, they easily bleed through thin pages, so just make sure you're using them on thick paper."
My daughter likes set. The only set back is that it slightly bleeds through.
I use these every day for my planner they are perfect...
Excellent pens! Love using these for my planners and journals. The best I have found. Super minimal blead through.
Used these for my planner for nursing school and it was perfect
"These pins write well, and don't smudge.
I have a color code system in my organizer and these are perfect for that!"
Pens work well and colors are great. Quick shipping.
"This pen is a pretty good one for the money.  Ive had mine for almost a year now and the tips have started splitting which makes them useless for writing with.  Ill stick with something a bit higher quality from now on, but I really like how these don't bleed and the color stays without fading.

Update: the seller keeps asking me to Change my review for a refund.  Ive reported to Amazon twice now."
Bought these for my daughter going back to college -- she loved them
Bought these pens to make my planner more colorful and organized. They are perfect! They write perfectly and beautifully. Would definitely order them again!
I love the case it comes in and all of the colors are so pretty. Its extremely fine so I can write in multiple dates on a calendar and it not feel cluttered.
"Love the fine line and the vibrant colors, very very nice product"
"Maybe they were old to begin with, or maybe they just don't last beyond one good coloring session but these markers are a waste of money."
These markers are very
pens split easily at the tip
Good quality pens
"Gave it as a gift and my friend LOVED it. She said that they work amazingly on paper. So, highly recommend it."
Love using these! And the style is great
They bleed through the page even on thicker paper.
These are really great pens. Just as described so far Im very happy with them.
Very nice colors.
I love how fine the tip is
"Love these!! They were just what I was looking for. They write great, and don't bleed through paper. "
"Love them, great quality for a reasonable price!"
I love these pens for color-coding my planner
"Love them, so colorful for my planner.  Fast shipping, received as advertised!"
Excellent product.  I will use for underlining important documents
"Im always the one to use sharpie pens to write things down, however, this set is way better. I love writing with them, they are smooth, it does not show in the back of the page, which means I can use it tk write some more. I will be ordering another set soon."
Great
This is my 4th time buying these amazing pens. I use them to write in my planner and its a super thin smudge free write. Im left-handed so smudge free is a bonus. The ink has lasted through the entire school year! I bought 2 packs for teacher gifts since price is so affordable. Great product
I haven't used these much but I like the colors. They bleed through the paper a little bit but not much. I was able to clearly see the writing on both sides of the paper
arrived as described
Great deal & they write beautifully!
I absolutely love these pens! I have horrible handwriting but I actually manage some decent penmanship with these pens - it's like magic. I also love the colors and the fine tip. I've been using these for awhile now as my go-to pen at work and none have come close to drying out. I will definitely purchase these again.
"These pens were purchased to used with my 19 month planner. However the paper type my planner uses cause the ink of the pens to bleed a little. I confess I only use ultra fine ink pens. The pens were not fine enough for me nor did they fit the need I had hope to use for. I have yet to try them in my coloring book.  For this reason only is why I gave them three stars. The pens look exactly like their picture, light to hold and nice color variety."
The tips split only have a few uses
These pens were exactly what I was looking for to use on my calendar/planner. They do NOT bleed through to the other side of the paper.
"Great fine line art pens, very fine line and bright colors. Little bleed through to the back of a page (I use these for bullet journaling).  Colors are crisp and the ink dries almost immediately so no smudges. I'd definitely buy again."
"Love these pens! Super bright! The yellow tip was split when I opened it up for the first time, so that's a bummer. But the others look great"
I love these fine point markers! They write dark enough to read and last long
I gave this set to my daughter to use for school and journaling- she loves them!!! Colors are vibrant and no complaints at all!
Very happy with these micro tip liners
"I seriously don't get providing yellow as a color, it doesn't show up on paper so what's the point? Otherwise great!"
"This planner has totally change my vision on notebooks or planners. I love it sooooo much!!!!! It is hard cover with different colors, bird pattern, flower printed. Inside, there are month tabs with different colors for your easy checking. And, the most important and make me fancy it, it is that each month and even each pages comes with different color. And it makes me always wanna write something on it though I have already written my schedule. The quality of paper is thick enough, handwriting will be lasted for long. Products itself are more beautiful than actual pictures shown. If you are a person who take outlook in an important position, then don't miss it. Otherwise you will regret. Hahaha!!!"
"Nice quality markers, good vibrant colors. However, I was sad to find I cannot use them cause they bleed through the pages of my bullet journal (Leuchtturm1917)... So I wouldn't recommend them for this particular notebook. :("
Awesome product!
"Great package, great pens."
"These pens are awesome, I used them to write in my planner, the tip is so fine that it really helps utilize the space in the planner. I also use these markers for coloring design pages and it really allows for clean lines and detail!. The only down fall is that my first time using it i put the cap on to fast and it split the tip of the marker. I am now very careful and ordered a larger set but if the caps can be changer it would make this product 5 stars."
"I bought these for my school planner. It's a smaller planner and these pens are perfect to write small, clearly and neatly. I've not had a problem with any of the tips breaking or fraying, that being said I am careful with them because of some of the reviews. These pens are perfect for my needs and I have lots of colors to choose from.  I like them."
Perfect precise writing with these pens!
"I absolutely love these pens! I bought them so I could color-coordinate my planner for the upcoming year, and they work great! The fine tip is fantastic for small spaces and mini-notes. Will buy a set again!"
"These were great for color coding my university schedule each semester. They lasted over a year and didn't blot, they were a bit heavy and darker colors bled through, but over all a great quality especially for the price."
Love them
"Im having so much fun with these. I know they're supposed to be for artsy purposes, but I love using them to grade papers. So fun!"
"Great pens that lasted my through the school year, and bought them again when I misplaced a few."
"Very durable, bright and pigmented. I love them."
"Nice pens, but they said they wouldn't bleed though the page, and they did. I can still use them for some things, just not the intended purpose."
Wonderful pens! Great for sketching and easy to use with a water brush if you want a watercolor  look to your sketches. Good array of colors. I would definitely buy them again.
"I love the color choices, but hate how delicate the tips are. Several of mine split within the first few uses. Not too fun :/"
"Good Quality pen, Nice purchase"
"I truly believe that a lot of these reviews are paid for. I ordered the pens and got them quickly, but most of them were already completely dried out. The ones that had ink dried out after writing on ONE index card. Super disappointing product. I've already processed the return and refund. There are better brands on Amazon."
So far so good! Love how light and smooth it writes :)
These write a fine line. Great for drawing :)
Such good pens and their tip is perfect for writing in small places and such nice colors. (Except for the brown and the yellow which you cant use on anything!)
Just got these and so far they look great
Absolutely love them
Love the colors and the way they write.  They do not bleed
I love these pens. I buy them all the time.
"I have been using these for several months specifically for writing in my planner and finance tracker (yes, I am old school - no spreadsheets for me). They have held up well - none have dried out and the inks are still vibrant. I also love that they don't bleed through the pages of my planner. Even though I have not used them for coloring I think they would be great for that as well."
Dried fast if lid stayed off for a little bit
Leak and make a mess all over the page. Very disappointed.
The pens were great except I ordered them specifically for my planner because I thought they wouldnt bleed through but they do. Other than that. I love them
"nice product, very good quality"
I love these markers!!! They are amazing to use.
The bled through my organizer book. So make sure you use them on thicker paper
These are some of the best pens I have purchase. I use them for my planner and love them! They are so easy to write with and make my handwriting look a little better!
Nice pen
"These pens worked great on all surface types of papers. I specially like the fact than they do not bleed through thin paper as other pens do. I enjoyed the color variety, comfort of use, and the fact that they are fine pin."
"I have used these pens without capping for hours and haven't seen any drying out. Also, not sure what other reviews are referring to with regards to the pen tip splitting if you don't put the cap on very gently, I put the cap on like any other pen without thinking twice and haven't had any problems, the tip is just as great as the day it was purchased. No ink bleeding, very precise thin line, bold colors, no drying out :) Highly recommend!"
These write smoothly and the colors are vibrant. Great buy!
I truly love these pens
As described. Good color. Easy to use
"Nice pens. Writes well and very thin, which is what I needed for a small planner."
Love that these are fine point and don't bleed through paper easily. The colors are fun and great for a planner or project!
HORRIBLE MARKERS.  It bleeds they the page and half the tips were split.  I was using for my planner and it ruined it.  Ended up giving them to my daughter
"Super fun to write with, great for color coding for school !"
These were ok originally but the tip split within a day of using it.
"Love these, they are felt tip. And colors are vibrant"
"These pens have a fine pin point and make my writing and drawings standout in beautiful color, I  enjoy using these tools!"
Work great. Great deal. Kinda small and skinny but I like that. Hopefully they last.
You have to push softly to use these but I love the colors and the price.
Great pens!!
A great value. I love these pens. I use them to color code my day planner.
Good color.  Does not shadow in my journal
These are amazing for their size. Perfect for even the finest line. Intense colors that are true and reliable. Tips are holding their point.
Im a teacher who was tired of spending so much money on flair pens that bleed through paper and gel pens that smear. These ARE PERFECT. NO BLEEDING. NO SMEARING! Teachers best friend.
"These pens were absolutely great for the price that you get them at! Im impressed. However, the tip of the pen is so fine, you cannot apply much pressure to them if you're a heavy writer."
Amazing
Love these pens...
"They kind of leak out, but they're still good to use. I still recommend"
Love these! They don't bleed through the pages of my planner!
"Loved these pens used for notes, diagrams for studying"
work fine. I do like some others better.
Literal best pens Ive ever used. My boss bought a set for everyone in the office after using mine.
They ALMOST don't bleed at all. It is only when I color in the same spot a few times that it bleeds. These are great for writing and doodling.
"I love how fine a line I can now draw, Perfect for writing in the small planner I have at work."
Super nice pens. They do soak though a bit
These pens work so great! They don't bleed through the paper. I love them!
I love this pen
"Best quality pen , smooth writing"
"They write clean, and concise with a very fine tip. They do not go through thicker paper and keep things very neat"
These pens are absolutely amazing. I love the way it feels when I am writing with them and also the way it look on paper. I purchased a set for my office and a set for my home. Will also gift these to friends in the future. I am definitely happy with my purchases. I like these better than paper mate and they are less expensive.
"Outstanding performance, Smooth writing"
Amazing!!!
"Amazing pens! Not exactly like a ball point, more of a very fine felt tip, but I write with them and use the many colors to underline law text books with"
use these everyday. I love the teeny tiny fine tip!
"lovely pen, Great"
"exactly what i wanted! extremely fine point, AND they don't bleed everywhere! they are awesome!"
These pencils are the bomb excellent
"good quality pen, nice grip"
I love these pens! The colors are so bright and they last a very long time. I use them for color coordinating my planner and grading papers. I'm still using the first set I bought and I got these ones for a friend (I've had my set for over three months and they show no signs of wearing down yet). They write nice and smooth and the ink is never blobby. I will definitely be purchasing these again!
Bought this for my friend and he loved it!
I didn't think they were going to be that fine..Love it!
Very nice pens
The tips of the pens split easily (thus - double lines).  Wouldn't buy again.
Wish they came in more colors!
"Good pens, however my black pen came without the nub, which was a bit dissapointing. The other colors are bright and vibrant, however."
"Update: Please see picture. I wrote this review awhile ago, and the company e-mailed me after, trying to refund me in exchange for me taking down the bad review. Zero stars.

Two of the pens had broken nibs (the felt point) when they arrived. I couldn't write with them, they were split in two. The other ones were okay... until two more pens nibs split. The rest of them dried up very quickly. Do not recommend."
"Fine writing, beautiful colors, just right for planner, college and color coordinating."
"I was actually sort of skeptical about these pens. I was afraid that they would dry out too fast. However, I accidentally left the top off for at least 24 hrs and it still works fine. The colors are true to the image."
The color diversity is standard and good. They feel great and am very satisfied with the quality and price. Standard note taking pens that anyone should have one set of but diverse enough that a super decorative notetaker or planner would be satisfied with as well.
Love love
These are the best for highlighting and coloring. I use them for almost all work I do.
Loved these pens.
I love the quality of these pens. I purchased them to use in my planner and I am very happy.
These pens are awesome and colorful.
"I love this set, small enough to throw it my bag because it comes in bag with a snap closure. The pens are great, don't bleed, fine point, great color. Will definitely buy again."
These are okay...nothing great but they will do the job. Probably wouldn't buy again if I had to do it over again.
My new calendar
"I love these for my daily planners.  I can color coordinate certain events, and the fine tip makes it super easy add everything I need.  Pretty colors too."
Super fun colors and works great with my desk calendar.  Love the fine point.
As described
Beautiful colors and great fine tip. They bleed through even thick paper though.
This is EXACTLY what I was looking for! Where can I buy more? Love how they write so smoothly
these are great colors but i already have one pen that ran out of color after a couple of weeks
These pens don't last 1 minute while writing
Love these!
Love how think the tip is perfect for writing my color coded notes
"Beautiful vibrant color in an ultra-fine tip means these pens are GREAT visually organizing your notes on both sides of your notebook paper. I wouldn't write everything in pen, but these colors will be great for adding variation where you need it or making more important things pop out. I'm going to see if this brand makes thick tips as well for my planner/special notes."
Just started bullet journaling and I absolutely love these! Great range of colors!
Great
Was missing a marker in the package
I really like it this pen
My favorite pens ever! And they last! They are very smooth and don't smear. Definitely will buy again.
The tips fray pretty easily but they're still my goto pen. Cute design and colors
Nice Pen
Smooth writing
"I love these, they feel great when you use them! The colors are really nice."
They work great and I love how cheap they are!
I really like these pens and it was a great price.
Great colors.  Stay the same after it dries.  I wish the tip was finer.  But overall I use them quite often.
I love these pens. I purchased them to color coat my bill calendar and now I use them for everything.
They write well.
good quality
I love these markers! They are the perfect size and the colors are very pretty. I love using them to write my notes. It has a smooth application onto the paper!!
They are great! I Colors and tip are exactly what I needed to color in My Law of Attraction Planner. I could have done without th brown. Big smiles.
"These pens are beautiful! I got them to write in my planner, and they have a lovely fine point and rich colors."
"The tip of one of the pens split in two the FIRST day I got them, rendering it unusable. Ive never had this happen with a fine line pen before. Extremely disappointing!"
They are pens
These pens rock! They are bright and last a long time. Would highly recommend!
On time. Good Quality
Sharpies are better
Great pens - colorful and come in a convenient plastic case to keep them together.
"These work great. I bought them for writing events on our family calendar. They are super fine-tip and did a great job, no bleeding or smearing at all."
Gives smooth writing
Perfect
Love these pens! They write so smooth and no bleed through!
"The ink dried out too soon. Good looking fine tipped pens, but disappointed."
"I love these pens!!!  I've bought 3 sets so far (one for work, one for home and one for a committee I'm on since I love to color code everything).  The yellow one really doesn't show up well but the rest of the colors are nice and bright.  Best part: the ink doesn't bleed through the pages in my planners/notebooks!!  Bought my first set for work back in January and I use them every day.  They haven't run out of ink and the tips are still as fine and precise as they were the day I got them."
decent quality.
love these pens! write so smoothly!
Great quality for the price. Would recommending buying!
GREAT FOR TAKING NOTES
"these pens arrived quickly and every pens color is true to what is shown on the cap. these pens overall are everything I needed and more, will probably buy again!"
These markers are too delicate
"very nice,"
I absolutely love these fineliner color pens and so does everyone that sees them. They have held up super well and do not leak. I love the way they write. The colors are super cute and the writing is clear not faint. Vivid colors. These are excellent gifts to give out and have helped with organizing myself a lot better. Highly recommend.
"The pens are nice, nice color, nice case. These would be perfect for me except for the fact that I actual expect a .4mm fine tip - SINGLE line.
Within days of first using a few of the tips started splitting. Less than 2 months after purchase all of them have split."
"Love these pens. Great price, durable, and the style is excellent. Perfect teacher pens."
Work great
they write really smoothly and last forever.
These are the best pens Ive ever purchased. Awesome colors and smooth writing. Im a college student and I just ordered my second pack. My first set lasted me two years! Highly recommend
The colors are great! The yellow is a litte hard to see though.
"I love them, excellent"
Thy write so beautifully!
Beautiful colors!!!
"As an office supply afficionado, I can say these are great. High quality in a wide array of covers. They are fine point, not super-fine point."
My penmanship is sloppy--thanks to the school system that made left-handers write with their right--and I write small. I've long sought colored pens that suited my needs and these be them.
they are beautiful pens!
"I love these pens, they are so beautiful. I love how colorful and thin they are. They work good for writing and drawing, coloring in."
Love these!
The pens write really well and I love all the colors.
Amazing. I would by again!! The colors are strong and the quality is high level!
Perfect for bullet journaling. Ink is heavy so it can bleed through if you are using it for coloring.
"I love these pens, they are durable, write good and they don't bleed what so ever."
Nice pens! I use it for my planner and I love the quality and colors!
"Awesome pen!  Bold colors, very smooth."
Awesome pens - write perfectly with vivid colors.
Great for organizing my planner with. I am a college student so they helped keep all my assignments in order.
Love these pens
"I constantly lose these, but that's on me, fortunately they are super cheap! They don't bleed through paper to the other side, making them ideal for double sided note taking, don't dry out, and are perfect for color coding a planner.
I used these in my statistics class to color code between notes, examples, and formulas, as well as to make my graphs stand out. These pens helped me organize my notes and really helped me when it came to studying. They write very smoothly, too!"
Great pens with vibrant colors and a great price!
"I love these pens they write smooth. When you first use them they do bleed a bit, so test them in a random paper first if its an important document. Also the organge was a bit hard to use/ dry which Is why I have it a 4 instead of 5, but it did get better with time."
Better than what I had expected they are gery fine tips but the colors are very pigmented 10/10 would buy again
These are awesome!
Good for cute note taking :)
Love it for my bullet journal!
These pens are great and don't bleed through pages (as I was worried they would) but one of the pens (the black one) had a broken tip so I can't use it. I'm going to contact customer service and see if anything can be done. Will update.
Much thicker than expected.  Does not write as crisp as my other 0.4mm pens.  Will not be useful for the intended purpose.
Nice pens.
"I ordered a ten pack and only got 8 markers, Im a little disappointed I was looking forward to getting these"
Loved them. They work perfect!
Love how they write. They are definitely my to go pen.
"The variety of colors in this pen set is great. The only color you can barely see is the yellow; Ive only tried it on white paper though. My favorite thing about them is the fine tip, the only downside is the color bleeds through slightly but that doesnt bother me much. Ive used these for coloring pages as well as studying and taking notes. The different colors help keep my notes organized and highlight important information. Really satisfied with this purchase."
Love these pens!!!  Will be getting more.  Writes well and the colors are great!!!  Also appreciate the fine lines.
Awesome pens. Great to write with! Will order again!
These pens write so well and I use them all the time. I love the choice of colors too!
Just what I needed. I have a color for each mood when I do an entry!!
I love pens.
I love these pens. Vibrant colors and fine tip.
"I use these in my day planner to color code my reminders. They are great!  I haven't used them enough to speak to their longevity, but the color selection is great, and they don't bleed through to other pages."
They are perfect.
"these pens are fantastic, fine tip and have been using continuously, still writing clearly and none have gone empty yet."
"I love these pens! They'r very smooth to write with, as well as being vibrant for coloring."
"I absolutely LOVE these pens!  Theyre more of a thin marker than a pen, but thats fine.  I use them for writing on my calendar and keeping my life organized.  Theyre smooth to write with, and I love how thin they write.  A coworker of mine made me a calendar of horrible pictures of my cat, the paper is 28 weight non-glossy laser paper, and the pens don't smear at all on it, which is great.  The colors are bright/vibrant and overall look great."
I love these pens!
Very good quality. I like it so much!
The colors are great!
These write very nicely!!
"These Fineliner pens have been really great for sketching and taking notes. Bright and beautiful colors with no skipping, very smooth writing."
"Pens worked great at first. Love the colors (the yellow does not show up well though) However, after just a few uses the tips split on most of the pens and were not useable. Would not recommend or purchase again.

***UPDATE REVIEW***

Buyer beware. Seller (Lin) has contacted me twice through email offering a refund if I take my negative review down. I have reported both emails to Amazon as this shows a lack of integrity."
"These are great. Such a great variety, they don't bleed, and they don't dry out. I use them in my planner to help differentiate my tasks and reminders. Sleek fit and very comfy to write with."
Writes great!
"These are magical. Exactly as described, and have lasted quite a while with heavy use. I'd buy these again in a heartbeat!"
Good Writing in color pen
The colors are nice and they are thinner than a fine tipped Sharpie. Nearly all of the felt tipped pens worked when I got them. But when I tried to write with the red it was clear that it was split and it doesn't write well. 3 Stars only for that one pen that was broken.
"Clean, tip stay sharp, and vibrant colors (wonderful with my panda planner)"
Ink didn't last very long in the pens.
"Love these pens!!! Fine tip, easy to hold, great for daily planners!! Colors are vibrant!"
"These were a gift and they are amazing and so pigmented. They are definitely fine line pens, they are more of a marker than a pen though. Arrived on time and I plan to order a new set."
nice pens
"These pends were wonderful!! But when writing you had to write with really light pressure, or you would totally ruin then"
Great pens! Don't bleed through the pages of my planner - great colors
"The pens write really nicely, I'm happy I added them on as an afterthought on an order!"
They work great and have not dried; I've had them for a few months. Can bleed through paper if pressed to do so.
Belle qualit d'criture.
Great pens!  Doesn't bleed through paper.  Firm fine tip.
These work so good. Firm tip and great color.
The colors are great! Pens are a little thin/ skinny so sometimes they are awkward. Also bleed through pages sometimes.
Great
"LOVE these for my planner! Doesnt bleed through pages, that was my biggest concern!"
"I really loved the quality and the fine edge these pens had, would def buy again!"
"So far I'm enjoying these pens - the colors are vibrant, and they are comfortable to hold for longer periods of time (I was concerned since they're very narrow and I have some arthritis problems in my hand).  However, I did notice that they bleed - not outward, but definitely through the page.  I'm a bit concerned at other reviews that the cap can split the tip - if this happens or if they dry out quickly, I will update!"
"Dry out fast. OTHERWISE, we love them."
LOVE These markers! Where have they been all my life! They are very vibrant and DO NOT leak through any paper--I've used on thick and thin!!
"I use these everyday and they still write great! Quality pens, love them!!"
These were perfect for my daughter!
"I read a lot of the reviews before deciding on these pens  they were pretty mixed! But mine came in with no issues: all pens were present, nothing damaged, correct packaging. I make it a point to not press down very hard so their tips don't split. Great pens so far! They only leak trough the paper when I color a lot in one area."
"I bought these about 5 months ago to use to write things down in my planner, they work amazing! I haven't had any issues with them what so ever, the ink has also lasted a very long time. I have written a lot down with certain colors, and have even colored with them, and they're still going strong! You just have to be careful not to push down on them too hard, or it can potentially ruin the tip."
These pans are fantastic! All of the colors are gorgeous and bright. They write smoothly and cleanly without transferring to the next page. I am really happy with this purchace
THESE PENS ARE MY FAVE!!
"iv been using them for weeks now , i love the colors and the writing lines , definitely recommend them, but i must say , the tips might get damaged a bit if you were to hard on them ( not easily damaged)
my picture is just a sample of the pen ( no damaged pens here)"
Great for planner / calendar
I purchased these pens to write in my planner. They have a fine script but they don't scratch when you are writing. I use different colors for doctors appointment and other occasions. Hey come in a plastic case with a strong snap so the colors are always right where you need them. I will buy these again without reservation and I recommend them to anyone who need fine point and a variety of colors.
"Good pens, I just wish they were a little brighter. They don't write over white out to go."
"I added on these pens just to get free shipping, but I like them better than the products I actually intended to buy!"
"Sweet markers.  Well worth money.  Love them.  Used for adult coloring, lol."
Love these pen markers for my planner. Colorful and write really nice.
not really what I expected
"I love this set of pens. As a lover of stationary they are amazing. Unfortunately, while the writing is beautifully smooth and the color is excellent they are still not water proof and bleed through my bullet journal and notebook. Doesn't stop me from using them as a staple in my pen collection though!"
"Long lastinng, great for notes, strong and vibrant colors."
"Bright vibrant colors, pens write great!"
Awesome pens! Love them. Would recommend and would buy again.
Great fine point markers. Hoping they will last long
"Great pens, they don't leave smudges. All the colors are amazing, I use them to color code my agenda."
These pens are life
Very nice. Come in a cute carry container.
Love these pens! Bright colors that don't bleed through!
"this pens are amazing, no complaints they absolutely serve there purpose."
I am very happy with these pens! Came very quickly and I cannot wait to use them all!
Colors are muted and not vibrant like I thought they were going to be when I bought the pens.
Great for use on calendars and doesnt bleed through the paper! Nice colors.
REALLY LIKE THEM BUT AFTER FEW USES THEY GO FLAT
"Best. Fine markers. Ever. I use these with my dot journals. They have lasted FOREVER and are really affordable, bright, vibrant colors and they come in a handy little case. I LOVE them! I will be re-ordering if/when these ever run out!"
"solid, firm pen with smooth ink flow"
these are my favorite pens.
Love them!
Loved them!!
good
"Such pigment! Very smooth! Wow! I don't write a lot, but when I do, I use these markers!"
They're really great but they run when you highlight anything you wrote with them.
"I love these color pens, for notes, for my agenda. The yellows doesnt do much for me but i love theses"
Very colorful and fine tips.  Took a star off because one pen leaked everywhere and made huge mess.  Will probably try different seller next time.
"Exactly what I wanted, worth the money"
Good
"I love these pens, they're wonderful.  They do bleed a bit through thinner paper, but I also tend to press harder when I write, so maybe that's my problem, haha."
"They are decent pens and perfect for journal or planner. Super fine, so definitely be careful with them."
I love the pins but i doubt it will last me only but 2months
Very good working pens! They look very colorful on paper and I use them to take notes in class! I would highly recommend this for note taking. :)
"I bought these because they were cheap and seemed useful. It's been over two months now, and I've yet to have had a single pen run out of ink. I don't do drawing or coloring with these but write instead, so that may be why, though."
"Perfect for taking organized notes.
The ink does not bleed through the paper and does not smear while you're writing."
"I only used the purple pen a few times before he felt tip completely disappeared into the metal tip. I didn't abuse it, I used it just as I used the other colors. Outside of that, I love these pens and use them daily in a planner and the color I vibrant and everything I could ask for!"
Great set and a great price.
I loved it.
Love these for my planner!
Clean strokes!
"Bright, colorful and doesn't bleed through the pages."
nice inking but be careful when recapping.
I like the pens a lot I use them a lot
They work very well for a left handed person!
Best pens for Happy Planner ever!
My Child like it
Great for note taking. Two people bought these after using mine for note taking. The colors are bright and my notes are easy to read.
"Great product, arrived on time too!"
"Disappointed in these. Read such great reviews, but I've barely had them for a week and already 3 of the pen tips have cracked so they no longer work as fine tip. They did not crack due to me pressing hard, I noticed them crack before I began writing. Pretty colors though"
Awesome quality pens! I absolutely love to write with them and they don't bleed through my thin note paper. I will be purchasing again in the future.
Nice selection of colors
Love the fine tip
"Love these pens - pretty, vibrant colors that write well and don't bleed. Super fast delivery and so affordable! I would have expected to pay $15 for these in a craft store."
Great precision markers.
pretty colors.
Only wish I had bought thicker ones too!!
I love how bright the colors are and they are colors that you will really use. Wish they had bigger set.
"what a great quality, and I love the colors!!!!"
Unhappy with the quality of these pens. Ink does not come out evenly.
Pretty nice pens for coloring/sketching considering the price of other higher priced pens out there. Not disappointed in the least.
These seem to work well so far. Great price!
They were great until a month later when the tip split! I am very careful with them and only use them for planner. Havent used it too much before they split... won't be buying again. Expensive for a one month pen.
"Exactly what I didn't want!  Not sure what kind of paper they tested on, but my calendar pages were no match for these!"
I'm a pen freak! I love try new pens out and this set is smooth writing and a great price.
Love these pens!  Perfect for using in a planner.
These are super cute but they break easily!!! Be careful with the tips. I split two within the first few times I used them and it wasn't from pushing down hard or being careless.
We love these pens!
"Good color, very fine lines. Its tough to find a pen with a very thin tip. These do the job and they're not expensive at all."
Very nice product with great price! Bought twice in three days!
Pens work great for the price - I haven't had an issue with the point splitting.  Love these pens.
Not bad pens for the price but it's worth spending the extra money to buy Sharpie pens or something of better quality. These lasted me only a couple of months before all the pen tips split in half making them completely unusable.
Nice quality for the price.  Would purchase again.
Love them.  I have ordered them a few more times.  I like to sign cards with the same color of ink that the card's message is written.  The ink does not smudge or bleed.  Good value!  Packaged well.
I do not like the tip at all. It isn't very sturdy and makes it difficult to write with for me.
item as described
"They leak all over my hands every time I open one, no matter the color. The fine tip is nice but not if they leak"
Obsessed 
So I ordered these pens before I read the reviews and I have to say that as of now I love them! They write very well and the tips seem to be good quality. The packaging says the brand as expected although the pens have some different type of writing on them! They write very smooth and hopefully will last a while. I will update at a later date if anything changes.
I love that the colors are bright and they do not bleed on the next page.
I like these pens a lot but they do bleed a little
Great for journaling!
so far these pens have worked great. Nice colors and writes well.
I love these pens use them everyday for school and taking notes.
"I bought these for my adult coloring books,and they are quality markers,I love them."
I've been looking for fine tip pens and these are perfect for writing in my planner. I love having different color options because I just think it makes planning much more fun.
Love these pens
"Bright colors and a good set of colors both for daily use, like writing in a planner, and for more colorful endeavors, like coloring. One of the tips broke in half (lengthwise), which now makes pen draw two lines, instead of one. That's why I'm taking off a star."
"vibrant colors, love them!"
Got this for journaling and organizing my planner. Love the colors and it writes very smoothly.
Very nice writing/coloring markers
Nice pen set for the price.
Perfect for note taking but tend to bleed through if you're not careful
Love love love! My favorites pens!!!
Everything matched the description. I was very happy with the product.
They write really smooth and are SUPER fine. They actually color coordinate almost perfectly with the Girl Scout cookie boxes!
They were for my daughter I guess she like them no complaints
Loved them.
"Really like the feel of the fineliner tip. Just don't drop them. I dropped a couple and the tip just busted apart. Those pens still write, but definitely not as smooth of fine tipped since the tip has shredded."
This was advertised as 10 pens. It was delivered with only 7.
Great set of fine tip pens! Love having these for work for birthday cards and highlighting sections of my notes. Love the way they write and would buy again!
I used them twice and a couple are already dried out.  Not worth it.
Only negative is they do slightly bleed through paper
"These pens are exactly as shown. Theyre amazing to use, and Im so specific with my pens, these are perfect for me. They work in small areas and don't tend to bleed much if they ever do."
"I like the pens and the colors. I have been using them to mark on my calendar. The blue and purple are really close in colors. After reading other reviews, now I am concerned about them fading away. Will have to wait to check that."
These pens are even better than I had imagined when I ordered them. They are just the right thinness and I am very happy with my purchase!
I love these pens. The fine tips and bright colors are perfect for my journaling needs.
These work really well for everyday writing. I've enjoyed having a variety of colors to choose from when taking notes. Makes work *slightly* more enjoyable.
Love these pens. They don't bleed through the paper or smudge
Vivid colors! Exactly what I wanted!
"great pens, no bleeding through and perfect for what i use it for (school)."
"Nicely pigmented. Yes you have to be Delicate with them, but thats to be expected with a fine tip."
Pens write very smoothly. Colors are bright and look great.
Use these at work and they are great! They don't bleed through paper and they are very sharp. Love adding some personality to my work notes!
The pencils are really good!!!!
Love these pens. They're great for the price.
Great little pens that last a long time
The fine tip is great.
Great little pens. Arrived quickly with no fuss. Thank you!
I'm a teacher-researcher and  purchased these to color-code my note taking.  Was disappointed to find out that the ink runs on the page and doesn't dry quickly.  Ended up passing it on to my 10-year old who loves to draw.
I love these pens.  The colors are vibrant and they are easy to write with.  Im thinking about ordering more for stocking stuffers.
Great product.
Better than expected!! Im so happy I decided to go with this purchase of colour pens. I expected to have some bleeding but was pleasantly surprised.  I purchased to use with a recent planner purchase and I look forward to my daily entires.  Thanks for making such a great product that actually does what it promised.
"Beautiful fine tip, nice flow. The yellow is a little useless; so light you can't see or saturated to the point of looking sloppy/messy. No middle."
Excellent color quality! Absolutely love these colored pens.
nice fine lines - great bright colors - seem to be of great quality!
I love them! I cant wait to use them more than I already have. :) thanks so much!
I use these all the time for my planner. They are the perfect size and the colors are beautiful
These are the perfect pens for your planner. They wrote smoothly with bold color but do not show through to the back of the page at all.
The colors are great and nice fine tip!
These are my favorite pens! They write smooth and don't bleed through.
Nice vibrant color with very thin lines. Perfect for small designs.
Bright colors. Nice set.
"Even better than expected.  Great quality.  And they feel good in the hand when in use.

Consider."
I love them. Fine pen I can use for work and also for hand lettering!
Love this! Fine line that works great to color code my planner.
I absolutely love these pensand unfortunately so does my daughter. She uses them all the time and they are truly great pens. I have to borrow them from her to use them.
Quality not good
"These are decent pens. The colors are very nice, but after using them a few times the felt tips start to fray and the lines they make do not look as good. These are reasonably priced, but if you will be using these often... I recommend you get a different brand."
"Works well, not exactly what I expected but good for outlining an image but not great for coloring it in."
Love these fine line pens! Perfect for detailed drawing!
"I bought these to write in my planner, they are great. and no bleeding"
Great Price
"I have bought several sets of these and they never disappoint, and may I say the quality is great! PRICE is right!"
"Purchased the set to correct reports at work and Im loving the felted fine tip. Bold colors and it does have a shadow on the back of the page, minor bleeding thru."
Love them!!! They don't smear or leak to the back of the page. The colors are vibrant and I used them everyday.
"Sent these to my daughter in a rather large ""care Package""! She loves using them!"
Fun to write with!
Solid color and fine line
I bought a Monthly Planner and these were recommended to purchase with them and the price was right.  I love them.  They are fine point and work perfect for the lines in my planner.  I would recommend to anyone.  Thank you!
Love them... I just ordered the bigger package...
"I am a teacher and I just LOVE these pens because they write perfectly to fit in the tight spaces of lesson plans, on your planner/calendar, and offer fun colors to coordinate with various to-do tasks"
Great product
These are great. Long and skinny was a surprise but no issues.
Great product
I didn't like these for myself but someone else may....
These pens are very bright and easy to use. Good assortment of colors for the kids to keep them busy. Would recommend.
Write beautifully & they are free flowing. Vibrant colors & perfect for calligraphy.
I wasn't expecting to love these as much as I do. I frequently use Stabilo and Steadtler pens..and these are definitely up there. I really love the colors and how smooth they are. Will be buying more!
"If your paper is pretty thin, you would go through the next page. But nice colors and easy to use"
"I have been searching for fine line colored pens and, after a while, concentrated on ratings and feedback from other shoppers. The most important things for me were acid free and minimal bleed through as I would be using them for many applications. The more than reasonable cost of this set decided it for me. These are wonderful. The colors are vibrant and there truly isn't the bleed through you see so often.  I do agree with some of the other reviewers that you have to practice patience putting the caps back on, but I don't think that would be enough to stop me from purchasing again."
"Smooth writing, doesn't smear. Use them in my planner. Will definitely be buying again."
Amazing!!! I love these pens!! I think they're perfect for leftys!!!!
"Nice, fine lines. Yellow is very light, though, so it must be used heavily or on very white paper. But hey, that's yellow for ya."
"The colors are bold and bright. The lines are very fine, making these perfect for my needs. Very happy with this product."
Great pen color
"I love these pens. The colors are vibrant, the pens are easy to use and don't smear very easily. I love the fine points and the bright colors."
Love
I love these pens. The colors are so vibrant and the ink flows without hardly any pressure which is super helpful as someone who has arthritis. I've started getting back into art/coloring and these did great as a stand-in for better markers/pens for my adult coloring books. I bought these originally for a day planner and they're perfect for it
Use these for my planner and color coating my events and they are very smooth and vibrant.  They do not go through the pages for me and are very fine which I enjoy!
These pens were awesome.  Great color and consistency!
"Good pens. I originally bought them for note taking but even if you write very softly, they'll bleed. Good for signing cards."
Great pens!
The fine point is so nice and many colors!
Package broken. Only 9 pens arrived in the box.
"Arrived on time and they don't bleed through the paper on my new planner.  The yellow is too light and pretty useless, but the rest of them are very pretty and bright."
Great for school!
These pens are my favorite for using to write in my planner. I like to keep it fun and colorful. They write smoothly but will bleed through thin paper. But not my planner paper. I also use them for art as well. They are not super fine for art but good for medium fine lines. And you can add water to them for a nice effect. I would purchase these again.
"Love love love these.  I use them with the universal note taking sysyem  for illustrations, writing formulas and making vocab terms stand out.  Together they are great for those who have difficulty focusing. Changing colors, drawing illustrations with note writing keeps you engaged"
"These are so awesome. Perfect doodling, calligraphy, journaling, art, etc. The colors are vibrant and pens write smooth. They write like really fine tipped markers. Ive been very happy with them."
Love the pens. Cover was damahed.
Easy to use.
these pens are perfect!
"These pens write clearly, I like the fine line. The colors are true and bold."
Works well on regular paper. Beware if the surface has a coating on it (wax or plastic). It may bead and not take to the surface/paper.
These write amazing and clear. They are perfect for what I needed in my calendar. Colors are bright and writing is smooth.
My daughter really wanted some fine point pens to do art projects with.  The ones she wanted were almost $10 per pen.  I ordered this whole pack for less and she loves them.  They have a good durable fine point that has held up through lots of drawing.  My biggest worry with inexpensive pens like this was that they would dry out quickly but that hasn't been the case at all.  She has had them for a few months and uses them quite a bit and they are still going strong.  Will certainly re-order when she wants more.
"Nice pens.  They arrived quickly and in good condition.  I only wish that the lines were thinner, more precise."
These are my favorite pens of all time.
"These are amazing! They rival my collection of Staedtler Triplus fineliner and Stabilo fineliners for quality of writing. I actually may prefer these over the stabilo because the tip is softer and less likely to crack in half which has been an issue. The ink is vibrant and a great range of colors. This is definitely worth the price, especially if you want pens for on the go and lose them a lot."
I love these for my planner! They are cheap and very nice with vibrant colors.
"Good pens for the price! I would order these again. Best for writing, as opposed to coloring."
So much better than writing with regular pens!
"These pens are awesome. I like the fine point sharpie pens a lot, and these are even finer."
Great markers for my calendar. Some of the colors are not very bright but thats OK.
These pens are great; cute colors and work well. They do bleed through on planners and some coloring books though.
"They are OK. Do not bleed they paper, but super thin to hold. Many colors are similar. Also, top does not stay on the end when open, falls off every time."
Nice markers. They do not run through the paper on my Passion Planner.
These are so far By far my favorite pens! so cute and slim and very beautiful colors!
"Nice, light weight and a smooth flow.  Exactly what I was hoping for."
2 of the tips sunk into the pens first use. Disappointing.
"Absolutely love these pens. They write like super fine tip markers. I bought a pack of these for my bullet journal and had to buy them again for my two other girl friends and they are both obsessed. Don't look any further, you won't be disappointed. Only thing I feel I should note is if you're just writing things down the ink doesn't bleed through but if you are coloring or doodling something the ink will definetly bleed through."
Really like the way these pens write. Great for writing notes in different colors. I must have liked these because I bought four more sets for gifts.
"I can sketch with it well, I would recommend this to beginners"
Love how it can handle my small handwriting without it coming out as a bold as other pens.
Great price!
Markers are convenient to use and vibrant colors
Very cute color pen set. I use it for my planner.
Serves all my color-coding needs!
"These pens are absolutely wonderful. They don't smudge at all and write incredibly smoothly, no skips or anything. It does bleed a little bit if you press hard but not nearly s much as most other pens like this. I'll definitely be purchasing the again when this set is used up."
Writes very nice.  Love it
"The only pens I use now, don't bleed through regular paper."
I bought these for my bullet journal and LOVE them. Great quality!
I'm obsessed with these pens. I am old school in the fact that I prefer a paper planner over my phones calendar. I wanted cute pens to help me stay organized in my writing and these work perfectly. They don't bleed through the page unless you color over the same spot a couple times. I would definitely recommend these for a variety of uses!
The quality is outstanding!
I like the color and i like to use it for my note. The ink is not too stong.
Smooth.  Great colors.  Write well. LOVE THEM!
Smooth pens. Works great!
great for detailed coloring
"I bought these to use with a daily planner. The colors are bright and the pens have a fine tip to write small enough to fit into a pocket calendar. I really like the set of colors, which I use to color coordinate my schedule. I'm very happy with the purchase."
Love these pens! They are fun to write with and plenty of colors to choose from!!
Useful for intended purposes
"Good quality.  I use them for my planner, not drawing."
I purchased these for my planner but then ended up coloring with them. very nice pens. want to order a bigger package of them!!!!!!!
"The ink for these is very nice, and generally they are good pens. But they don't have a clip, and it's surprising how much that makes them a hassle for using regularly, at least for me."
I had a couple of them get their tips all screwed up by just putting in the cap. Otherwise fine
LOVE these pens. About to buy my second pack.
I use these daily and I've been extremely pleased with how they are still holding up! Highly recommend!
Love these for using on adult colouring books
"I love these pens, they don't bleed through paper. Great colors and last a long time. I have ordered multiple sets, fast delivery and have always met my expectations."
These pens are great!  Very crisp with the color and fine tip for detail writing!  I would order these again for sure.
Love them! Fine tip and perfect for writing!
So cute bought one for myself
"Love these pens! Narrow tipped, perfect for coloring and planner notes, they don't  bleed thru ( my planner does have a thick mil paper though), and have withstood my kids borrowing them to doodle. The colors are vibrant and indicated on cap and bottom of pen. The yellow IS visible on white paper. Comes in a snap-able durable case. Next time will buy more colors if available. Thanks so much for a great product."
"LOVE. I had no problem with the packing, came on time, and they write so nice."
When I get these I opened them all up to test the colors and they are all so beautiful!
"These pens are great, they do not bleed and the colors are very vibrant. The actual pens say Sipa on them and are awesome."
"perfect for the price, very thin and nicely packaged. The pens are perfect! Solid bright colors and fine point tip is sturdy."
Son perfectos!
These fineliner markers have proven to be very reliable.
"Im not a big artist, but these little markers have me doodling all over my planner. They don't bleed a whole lot, and the colors are vibrant."
"I love these!  I use them for my planner and they're fantastic.  They write smoothly and the colors are so bright!  They also dry quickly, which is wonderful."
I bought these to write in my yearly planner. Writes smoothly. Vivid colors. Does not bleed through page. I will have to look to see if these come in more colors.
"Love the fine point, but they bleed through. Still, amazing vibrant colors and they glide across paper fabulously"
They bleed through paper
They are beautiful and they dry quickly. Exactly what I wanted.
Best pens ever! let my kid play with them and she split some of the tips... ordered more. I love color coordinating and these are perfect
My managers love these pens they use them for their work
has a very fine tip perfect!
Probably my favorite pens!
"I really enjoy these fine-tipped pens. They make writing in my planner a joy! The color choices are wonderful, too."
Great pens! Write beautifully!
"100% satisfied, for sure would purchase again"
I love these pens very fine and perfect for note taking since they do not bleed through paper
I bought these will my new planner and my only regret is not getting the pack with more colors!
I absolutely LOVE these! They write so smoothly and I LOVE the amount of colors it comes with.
Not happy with these at all! Colors aren't vibrant and they are pretty dry!
So much fun!
LOVE these!! Bought extra packs after having them as they passed my test.
Some of them were dried out.  Nice colors though
Love these pens! I use them with my planner and for journaling. They will bleed through with thinner paper.
Love how thin these are sand the pigment is amazing
Love these pens! Colors are bright and they write very smoothly.
I like these pens.  They are good for using with fine lines.
Perfect for my daily bullet journal and bible study
"The style, the smoothness of the pen, colors are great."
I love them there perfect for my notes
I am so in love with this pen set!!
These pens are awesome!!!!
They write awesome!!!
Love these pens! They are so colorful with a fine tip. I use them to log my food and workouts in a planner. The colors make it fun! :) Very pleased. Would recommend!
I used these for my journal and they work great!!
"As another reviewer noted, the pens themselves are branded as Sipa with Asian characters after the name, so I'm not sure if these are a knockoff product or not.

Regardless, the pens write well and so far has not smudged.  They do bleed through the paper in my planner, but it is a thin paper - do not bleed through my post it notes, though.

Overall, happy with the item for the price even if it may be a knockoff."
"Fast shipping, received a day early! Writes smooth and even."
"Great pens for notetaking, very little bleedthrough, recommended"
Its okay
Great product
i love the colors and these pens deposit smooth clean lines
Great!
Fast shipping great product
"Bright, pigmented but fine lined results.  Love it."
They don't last more than two times
Love these! I bought them for my journal and they are perfect. Dont bleed through and write so cleanly. Definitely recommend and cant beat the price!
Nice and perfect level of accuracy in terms of drawing and writing. I am very happy with the quality and the great price.
excellent price for the product
Excellent product. good quality.
Purchased as a gift. Recipient was very happy.
the pens are really rich in color and flow smoothly
"I thought the ink came out a lot heavier... would compare to marker more, I expected pen. Despite that, they are still great and pair well with my planner and doodling."
"The pens write well. I am unsure what the life of the felt tip will be, but so far so good."
"I am enjoying the MyLifeUnit Fineliner Color Pen Set.  First, the array of colors is surprising, with bright, vivid shades that show up well on the paper.  Secondly, the fine point is truly FINE at .4mm and makes for the perfect instrument for drawing, tracing, and lettering.  Third, the pen tips provide for smooth writing, with no streaks or skipping.  Fourth, the slender and sleek frame of the pen makes for a comfortable fit in the hand: I didn't find that my hand tired after several minutes of writing.  Finally, the price is unbelievable for this full set of 10 excellent pens, and I would recommend them with one word of caution:  bleeding.  With even the most normal writing pressure, the pens bleed through average-weight paper.  In my experience, writing on standard tablets, binder paper, etc. leaves very legible shadows on the reverse side of the paper.  I solve this problem by not planning to write on both sides of my paper, and suggest that other buyers plan similarly or plan to purchase stationery that is a bit heavier in weight than standard writing paper."
Love this markers!!! The only problem is that you have to be careful with the caps and the felt tip but beautiful colors
These are the BEST pens ever!!!!!! Colors are bold and don't bleed through.  Smooth writing too!
Pretty colors
Awesome markers.
"Normally don't take time to write reviews, but these are cool! I love them. Work great and just as described"
dont beed through.
Nice colors and works great on my new planner
"At first, I was extremely impressed, but now, the pens have frayed and I cant used more than half of them. Do not recommend. They don't last more than a week or two."
loveeeeeee these!
"These are really nice and does not skip color even when  writing, love the colors too, fast delivery   & no problems. No mistake here, worth the money. Thanks bunches."
The tips of some of the pens started splitting after a couple of uses. I write with a light hand so issue isn't caused by undue pressure. I wouldnot order these again.
"Great pens and true to color!  I bought them for my appointment book that has designs for doodling but they bleed through so I'll have to use colored pencils.  Still,  a great product!"
Colourful fine point pens
Absolutely love these pens and how neat and precise they wrote!
I use these pens on the family organizer.  Write smooth and do not bleed.  I am able to write small with them.  Love them.
These are excellent pens.
"Excellent set! These are so inexpensive and great quality. I am using them for my daughter's scrapbook and my planner. They are awesome, I carry them in my purse so I can use that at work, at the bank, etc."
GREAT BUY!!!These pens are great. Vibrant colors and Ive used them for short stories and they haven't been smudgy or spots where they lose their ink for a moment. Id definitely recommend these!
These write really nice and I love the colors
These pens are amazing. Huge downside is that 5 of the pens do not work. I have had the pens for 4 days.
very nice
Colors are vibrant. The pen feels great in my hand and the ink doesn't bleed.
"very smooth, vibrant, will order more!"
Id say that this works pretty good for the price. In factor at first I prefered it over some of my other expensive pens. One of issues I noticed over time is that the tip of the pen tends to spit causing the line to get thicker.
They write very good and small just the way i like it
"A little bit blot, but good overall"
"Very nice pens that feel good in the hand.  They write smoothly, and the fine line makes them helpful when making notes in small spaces."
My colleagues and I really love these pens. Everyone was asking where I got them.
Excellent quality. We will be reordering.
Great pens with great pigmentation. Will definitely buy again when my current pack dries out.
Write well. Colors pop.
Used for journaling and writing. Colour pigmentation is good and have not experienced any bleeding.
"I love these marker pens. They have great color and write smoothly, and I love that they come in a variety of colors, I'm sad that I didn't purchase the larger pack."
Bleed through very easy
These pens are great :)
"These are the best pens! I always assume when I buy pens like these that they'll end up writing thicker than I wanted--not with these!! And I love all the colors it comes in, they're so vibrant."
These are PERFECT!!! I love how bright the colors are and how smooth they write.. I am also going to purchase another pack as a gift for my ASM!!! Great quality!!!!
Great buy
"I love these pens! I ordered them to write in my ""Law of Attraction"" journal so it wouldn't be so plain. I'm beyond satisfied. Will order again, I love writing with them, they are so smooth, ink dries quickly and there are no odors."
I am obsessed with pens. Thin pens and these are just perfect. I used them in my rainbow colored planner and it make everything much brighter and better. Will buy again if I ever need to.
"Very fine point writing, vibrant colors exactly what I needed."
"Perfect for writing in my planner. Colors are great and come in the perfect case. Will be ordering again! Just an FYI, these may bleed through, depending on the paper you're using them on but its minimal."
"I love these pens! Okay, maybe some might argue it is a marker. But it is fine point, and writes like a pen. I like the precision. The colors are also great. I use them at work for my calendar and for taking notes during meetings. Very pleased with this purchase!!"
The blacker liner smears a little bit into blue so watch out for that.
Great
These are very good pens.
Great for fine line work
good
Perfect. They work well in my bullet journal and the colors are very vibrant.
Exactly what I want to and ordered. Very nice 
Great quality! Very pleased!
These pens are absolutely amazing. I use them for school and they do not disappoint.
I've been using this for about two months and I love them. They work really well in my planner and my notebook. Very happy with my purchase
I loved these so much- I ordered 3 more sets!  Great color- really thin and nice they are in a case.  Great deal.
THESE ARE GREAT!
beautiful colors & writes wonderfully!
These are excellent quality pens and I've really enjoyed them so far. They got to my house quickly and impressed me with their ability. Highly recommend these pens.
Really great and fun to use :)
"Love these pens!! I can't draw at all, but these are still super fun to use in my planner :)"
I like the fine line and assortment of colors.
"Love these pens! They write so nicely, the light blue, brown and green are my most favorite in the pack. The point is very fine, good for making notes, labeling drawings.
The yellow is pretty useless, doesnt show up on anything.
The purple and blue and indistinguishable.
The brown was surprisingly nice.
Pink, orange and red are indistinguishable but still good.

Cons: they are fragile, one of them frayed. Some colors are too similar. You will hate all of your other pens after using these. Yellow only shows up bc of the lighting currently used to take photo. Really cant see it normally.

Pics to show color and 1 frayed pen. Ran out of ink in black bc I used it so much."
"Although it is a very cute planner, it is printed out of order. Not going to help me plan accordingly"
"I ordered these because my fine point assorted color BIC pens kept exploding. I was worried since these are more of a marker they would bleed through my papers, but they dont! I love writing in my planner with the different vibrant colors. They are also nice for doodling during meetings. I recommend these :)"
I love thes pens!!!!
"I love these! Even though they are fine, they write well! I purchased them for a budget book I am working on, and more colors of markers to choose from, can make even budgeting fun!"
"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01H5FYNX2/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_14
I totally recommend these fine line markers.. I use them on my calendar and the color mix is great when you have multiple kids."
Vibrant colors. Smooth writing.
"One of my pens (yellow) came with a split tip as others have mentioned, but other than that the rest were fine and the pens work very well. The dark blue and purple are very similar in color as well"
LOVE my pens!! I have had these for over a month and I am still in love with them !
"These are great, fine point pens. The ink does not bleed through my journal pages"
These pens write so smoothly!! The colors are nice and vibrant!
"Perfect for my calandra writing, love the colors and cant beat the price!"
I Love these Pens!! I have been using them since this summer and They are still going strong. They are NO SMEAR!!!! Which is Great because i love the feel of them (They are smooth to write with Like a gel pen) and it never fails when I use gel I smear it everywhere. I would give it 5 stars if they had clips so I could clip them to my papers but that is minor to me. I love to use them to organize my family calendar. Everyone gets their own color! My son wants a set also so I will most likely be ordering another set before long.
Nice vibrant colors and fine points. Great for annotating my notes in my college courses!
Long lasting and vibrant!
Excellent price and colors are great.
The colors were vibrant and works very well with my purchased planner. They DO bleed through some pages (like your standard printer paper Page) They work very well and have not faded on me yet. Great for fine line writing/drawing.
These are really nice felty pens. I like the way they write and they easy to use.
"Smooth, Great colours."
Work beautifully
These are awesome for use of writing in a planner or journal as they do not bleed through.
Ink doesnt bleed. Makes it perfect for writing in planners or calendars. Colors are vibrant. The fine points make it easy to write in tiny spaces.
"Great, bright colors. Fine tips with no blemishes make them super easy to write with. I bought these to color block things for work and I may purchase more!"
"These pens are vibrant and pretty. They work well in my planner, and don't bleed through the pages. I love fineline pens because my handwriting looks very neat when I use them. I highly recommend these pens."
A+++++ great product
I love how fine tip these markers are and how skinny the casings are.  Love them!
A coworker recommended these pens. I love colored pens for my planner and they usually bleed through or smear but these are really great quality. I would definitely recommend them.
love them
These are perfect for making a college planner really stand out. Love them.
Love these color pens!  They don't bleed through paper.  Will buu again in the future.
These are really good pens. I use them in my planner. The colors are vibrant. It writes very smooth. Would definitely purchase again.
"For the most part, the pens work pretty well. However, one of the tips split, so the writing is disfigured. They are also not quite as fine as I would like, but they are fair for the price."
This is my second time purchasing these markers and I absolutely love them. I use them to write on my planner everyday and they write very smoothly. Will definitely purchase again once I wear them out again.
"I have used these as pens to underline important information, doodle during meetings, write notes."
Cute colors and I love how thin they are
"These little markers are excellent!  Beautiful, bright colors, non-smudge, and fast-drying.  These are perfect for use in journals to color-code different activities and appointments."
"The pens are bright colors which is nice but they do bleed thru slightly. it's not horrible but if you're using it for a bullet journal or something like that, you probably want to keep looking. i also want to add that i've had these pens 1 day & the black is already broken. the pen tip somehow broke & now the strokes come out in 2"
These pens write beautifully! The colors are great!
Great agenda!
"I received the pens a few days ago and have been using them for my notes. They work well and don't bleed through. I received EXACTLY what was advertised and I enjoy these pens. I normally don't buy these types as I fear they bleed through the page, but these do not. Ive used them to take notes in classes, on calendars, and planners and they work very well."
These are nice but they bleed thru the back of page. Not good for planners
Love the colors and the fact that they don't bleed on the paper.  Love them so much I forwarded to a friend who expressed an interest in them.
Love these pens!!
I love these pens.  I use them for every thing
Lovely pens
"The colors are great and they make very fine lines like I needed, but the tips bend very easily. Be careful putting the caps back on."
"Nice fine line, bright color, might bleed through thinner paper."
love them
They work wonderfully
Bright colors and they write smoothly
Love the felt tips. They write well and dry quickly.
Great pens.  Perfect for color coding a calendar.
"These pens are fantastic! Great colors, exactly as described"
"These pens are great. The colors are really bright and the tips are thin. They seem to be really good quality, comparable to the Stabilo brand (the yellow ones with colored caps) ."
My kids used it so far she love it
"Nice, but was hoping for a finer point. More like a felt tip pen."
Great pens!
"Love these pens, they work good and are smooth to write with. The colors are also vibrant and bright."
Nice colors - they are just a little bit dry already
Already enjoying them with a wonderful adult coloring book from a friend :)
Great for drawing & writing.  Pretty colors too
Works great with my new 2018 planner
"These pens are used for lined paper, i really love the fact that they are very nice colors. There is no other pens i have tried out but these are very great and i will purchase for other uses or other people i know would love to have!! They don't bleed as much as i thought they would on lined paper but it depends on which kind of paper you use."
These are perfect for my planner.  They don't bleed through the page.  Write smoothly and are easy to see.  I will repurchase.
"Pens are exactly what I needed. Very fine point, vivid color and does not bleed through my calendar pages. Very pleased."
Write very nicely. Thin lines perfect for writing in a planner
Colors and quality are amazing!
Really like the fine points and the colors!
These pens seem to last forever! The colors are vibrant but dark enough where you can see what you're writing. I used them mostly for studying but also at work. Will have to order more as I've lost some..
These did not last very long. After one use (careful use) the tips began to bend and the lines were no longer clean.  Pretty colors but not worth the trouble.
"The pens write beautifully, just wish the colors were a little better. There are 4 or 5 different colors of orange and yellow each which barely show up on paper, but only one red? I was excited to have more colors in this set, but because they are so light, I don't end up using half the pens"
Cute pens! Perfect for my planner
The colors are nice and they work well.
I love color coding things at work! These write so nice!
Love love love these markers.  Great set of brilliant colors.  Smooth writing.  Bought additional sets for my children.
Great price and great quality pens.
"they are pens, no issue with them"
Super nice pens!
Best pens ever! And so inexpensive!
"I absolutely love these pens. They aren't gel, they are colored pens! Each pen is nicely pigmented. Ive used all of them, expect yellow. Im very satisfied with my purchase and I  highly recommend it as well."
"These are really nice! Vibrant color, smooth, great price. Highly recommend!"
Perfect exactly what I ordered
I was trying to decide between these markers and another package of well-known brand. Im so glad I chose these! They are vibrant and write smoothly. Would definitely purchase again.
Fantastic set of pens.  Perfect line and great saturated colors.
I love these!
"The fineliner pens are perfect. Im a teacher. These pens are compact, organize neatly in the heavy plastic packaging equiptment with a reusable snap, don't smear and travel well. The colors are bright, and the ink doesnt smear. I highly recommend them."
Pens are lasting a long time and write so smooth. Love using them
Great pens!  I bought 4 sets and everyone loves them and loves the variety of colors.
"Love all the colors and good quality pens. They are being put to good use. Thank you, Mom of four"
I like them a lot supper small so they are kinda fragile if ur not cairful but I like them a lot.
Great pens! Love the variety of colors and doesn't bleed through to next page
Really nice.
Items exactly as described with quick shipment.  Pens write nicely.  Yellow you can't really see but other than that I have used them everyday since they arrived.
"Great pens! Good shape, writes well, doesnt bleed"
These pens are the best! PERFECTING checking pens for teachers!
This are great! I use them to give my planners life and works well when organizing events into my planner. I adore these pens. They write smooth. Great price too.
"I love the fine point on these pens, however the quality just isn't there. The point smushes down after only a few times. Also the caps are almost impossible to remove."
I love my pens!  Im a teacher so I bought them to use with my planner but use them for everything.  I love that they are really thin but really bold in color.  They write dark without pressing hard. Love them
Love these. They write great and the colors are bright and true to the color. I use them to color coordinate my calendar for my family.
I love these pens
These are my favorite pens.  I bought multiple sets for my self and for friends.
These pens seem to write really smooth and with enough ink.  I would buy them again.  :0)
I use these pens everyday in classes. It helps me to color code my notes. They write wonderfully smooth and consistent with no skips. I will purchase a few more and stock up on these for the office as well! Also no bleeding through pages. Yay!!
"I am a nursing student and I love these! Perfect for taking notes and colors are nice and bright. These are amazing quality, I am heavy handed and the fine points have not been damaged and its almost been an entire semester. I have been using for almost 3 months and colors and still as bright as the day I started using! I also really like the case it comes with. Its very sturdy and helpful in keeping my markers organized. Great buy, I would purchase again."
Great value and quality!
A high quality product for a reasonable price.
Wonderful! Such vivid comes and so smooth and amazing looking!
I returned them.  I had 2 of the tips to break on me.
All works well. Happy with product and good quality
I have he worst writing and these make filling in my planner a Dream
These pens are awesome. They write super nice and don't leak ink. Very happy with my purchase.
Theyre super nice and write really smooth. They also don't smudge when my hand rubs across as I am left handed. I love them
"Love these pens! Being left-handed, its hard to find pens that won't smear all over the page and my hand; these don't do either! The fine print and the bold colors make writing nice."
"Nice pens to use for planning or journaling. Tips do not ""flatten"". I've not notices any bleeding."
Love them!
Awesome product! Will order again!! Just the tip I was looking for!
"I love these pens! They're great for organizing/color coding my planner, and also fun to use in adult coloring books."
"I love the pens, I would order it again."
My mother loves these pens she used them to hilight on her calendar.  The came right away good quality
"Lovely results from this fine tip color pen set. Not bulky, made for fine control. Love writing with them!"
"A little skinnier than I thought they were going to be, but I love them and I can't wait to use them for my planner."
"I really like these colors. The pens write well (one exception), and I've been using them for notes in my biology class. Exception to the pens writing well, my red pen is split and will spray color all over the page or write like a fan. Otherwise, great product."
These are great! Super fine and love the colors!
great
"I don't know why it says fine line when its actually very thick, like .9."
Okay pens didn't write like I expected
Pens leak ink even when not being used. Poor quality product.
I LOVE these pens. They're so pigmented and a joy to write with. Will buy again and again!
"Love these pens! I haven't been using them for drawing, but I use them in my planner and they are perfect!"
"these are great pens, the pigment is wonderful, they are fine tip. they will bleed through thinner paper so be careful that you don't have anything on the other side that you would like to not have ruined. great purchase."
Pens write wonderful. Colors are visible and comfortable while writing. Very nice products.
"I love these pens, bright colors and fine point. They do not run and dry quickly"
Really like. Write well and come with a brown
"Perfect!  Don't bleed through,  writes perfect"
"Theyre good but bleed very, very much through paper - even very thick paper."
"Pens are good but they do bleed, so not good for bullet journaling."
These pens work great. Super smooth!
Absolutely love these pens for journaling. Vibrant colors and no runny ink!
"Gorgeous colors , no smearing , perfect lines"
item as described.  writes perfect
There are very nice and colorful. Im a prime and the shipping were delay for 4 to 5 days which why I give it a 4 star but other than that these are very nice for notebooks and planner. Love it!
I use these for my daily planner. I just like the way they feel when writing! Very pretty colors.
I ordered these pens because the price was great and I only needed a handful of different colors for my needs. I was so impressed when I received them. These pens are really smooth when writing and quick sketching. The only thing that I guess would be a no.us is that the pouch containing them broke within a day of use. It didn't really bother me as I just placed them in a cup on my desk so I could just grab them for easy access though.
"Not terrible given the price. Tips aren't well protected upon entry to the cap and can fray, and caps are more difficult to get off than most other markers of this variety."
The colours are vibrant and the ink doesn't bleed through too much. I bought for the purpose of giving my planner some personality & I absolutely love them. Would buy again. :)
"These are great markers, very vibrant. I keep them in my purse and they have come in handy for quick little projects."
These are the same as the expensive Straedtler brand that costs $10.00. They are fantastic!
"They are really great pens. They are great for labeling things, coloring small spaces, and scrapbooking, all of which I have used them for."
I LOVE THESE PENS! Shipped fast and exactly what I wanted!
The colors of these pen's are awesome. I use them for some of my adult coloring books. Fun!
Omg I absolutely love these
Omg I love these!! They have a super fine tip. I love them for taking notes in class. The price is great!
"These pens work great. I purchased them for several reasons. Number 1, they are needle point drawing pens. I bible journal with them, I update and color code my Happy Planner with them and I can also use them to color code my notes in my Phlebotomy class.  Number two, they are neatly packaged. I do not have to go through the package to figure out what color I want to use. They are color coded by a small place on the top of the pen and also the cap around the butt of the pen. Number 3 they are not big.  All these reasons stood out to me. I got them quickly and they were being used that same day.  I recommend using them."
"Shipping was quick. They write beautifully and bleed minimally, but I got two pinks instead of a red and a pink haha will update my review after I use them a little more."
The pens shipped quickly and we're exactly as described. I love using them in my Erin Condren planner.
good for the price.
"I absolutely love these pens. They're fine, clean (don't bleed) & smooth. I will be re-ordering another set."
"Good pens! Not good for skin, my friend was messing around and drew on my hand and the pen died almost instantly. It regained ink so it works again. Overall I LOVE these pens"
Super long and skinny shape. Writes very very fine but works great. Only bleeds through it would hold it down too long.
I love these pens! They have a great fine tip and the colors are just what I have been looking for. They are relatively inexpensive and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a great study tool or journaling addition. Thank you MyLifeUNIT!!!
"The pens were a lot thicker than I thought they would be (the ink that comes. out of them). It bleeds through and the tips get dull and flat easily making them even thicker when you write. Overall, not very impressed."
These fine tips are perfect for writing in notebooks.
I have been using these the last few days and love them. Bright colours. I love them! High quality and I recommend.
"Love the colors of the pens. Definitely great for color coordinating for notes
Does not bleed through the paper"
Well made and i love the colors!
Great little pens
"Pens are very nice, colors are vibrant and very easy to use. Very happy with them!"
Love these pens.
"Great colors, but they're not as thin as I hoped they would be."
Great pens!  Product arrived quickly and as described.
"Fine tip, precision point, writes smoothly. By far best pen/marker set ive purchased to date. Will buy again once I use these up."
Love these pens! Im a college student and I use them to take notes! The colors are beautiful and show up nicely- no smudges or bleeding through pages! They right very nicely and well. Came back and bought two more packages! Also I love that they come in a little resealable case!
"Great pens, don't blotch, vibrant colors. I recommend these!"
Great pigment! Although these are not meant to be pressed- they are definitely better with a lighter touch.
So great! They don't bleed and the colors show up great !
Love these pens! Great buy!! Would definitely buy again!!
"Barely have had them for 2 months and the tips on half of the markers have split in two so when I write, I write double. Poor quality. Do not buy. Youd be better off buying Sharpie pens since they won't break and split immediately after purchasing them."
They write very well! I use them for my detailed coloring projects and have been great for the smallest of spots to color in. Wonderful colors.
These pens dry out too quickly and the caps do not stay on the opposite end when in use.
"Ordered these for my wife and she loves them, will purchase a few more soon."
"I love these. My students all want them! They do get pushed in easily, however."
They write good and the colors are great.
I absolutely love these pens. They don't bleed through the pages of my calendar. Super easy to write with.
I like how the colors are bright and they don't bleed  through the pages!
These are great! Write really well and the assortment in color helps in my planner!
greta colors
I use these regularly for my bullet journal. Very nice colors.
"fine detail art usage only.
and using a light touch...very sensitive tip."
"I bought these to make my planners more colorful, I love them. I've been using them for other things as well."
"I love these because they are light and thin! The ink lasts a long time. Have bought them to gift people at my office and they love these too. We use them for writing, not art."
Bought as a gift for my sister. She's always writing and jotting in her planner. She loves these as she can now color code the activities in her planner. They write smooth
"Love,love, love these! Smooth flowing and colors are great. Will be buying these again!"
"The pens are really thin, similar to Steadler fine liners or le Pens which make them a little hard to grip.  Great for Bullet Journaling.  Minimum to no ghosting on my passion planner"
im in love with my purchase. Best Pen set i've had!
I got this item for one of my grandaughters who likes to sketch. She was very excited for them and couldn't wait to use them.
bought them along with a planner. They write really well and don't bleed or anything. Love them.
"Nice colors. Wish they were permanent but other than that...very nice. Love the fine tip,"
I use these to write on my daily calendar and love them!!!
"I love these pens. I use them to write notes in my classes, and they work amazingly. They do no bleed at all and come in such bright colors."
Great pens!
I love how precise these marker-pens write.
Best pens I ever bought for writing on a calendar/planner!!!
I love these for taking notes. you just have to be careful with putting the cap back on because it can squash the tip which doesn't allow it to write as finely anymore.
I use these for my family planner to color code each persons activities. They don't bleed through and the tips have remained pointy and fine for months.
"LOVE the way these write. The dark blue comes out more purple and the yellow is barely visible, but I think that's just the paper I've been using. Overall highly satisfied!!!"
these are so well pigmented and last awhile. My only grief was that the end of one of the pens was cracked (not the usable end) I didn't see a point in contacting the seller about it as the pen didn't leak and still works fine I just can't put the cap on the end like I do with the other pens.
"I purchased these to use in anatomy class for drawing diagrams of body structures.  They work great, fine lines allow for more detail, and they don't bleed through standard notebook pages.  Will purchase these again if I need additional color pens."
"Love these, use them daily and they seem to be holding up over time! Little to know ""show through"" to other side if you use a lighter touch."
very nice bright colors. write smooth.
Love these pens. They don't dry out
Youll need thick paper for the pens not to bleed through but totally recommend !
I absolutely love these pens!!!!!!!! I use them for everything. Whenever the ink runs out Ill be buying more if its still available.
"Excellent pens!
I bought these to use with my journal and am loving being able to use them to color code goals etc.  I really like the fine tip.  They write smoothly and I have plenty of color choices. I would purchase again."
I was looking for a fine lined pen to write in my planner. These are perfect. They write small and do. It bleed through the page.
I love how fine these write.
"These pens are perfect fine points for calendars, art, ect. And deliver nice flow & color."
Love them! The colors are great and make my planner look so much better!
Love these! I was looking for a colorful pen set similar to the Papermate Flair pens and these are perfect! Theyre a bit thinner writing than the papermate and I actually like the thickness better than the papermate. Not as thin at 0.38mm pens so they're just right! I use these for all my notes!
Slim pens and a good variety of colors - I usually prefer .7mm size tips but I am loving the Pen Set!  Ink dries quickly and doesn't smear
"I bought the first set because of the price, I bought two more sets because of the quality and beautiful colors! Love these pens!"
I bought these pens and they're very nice and a really good price compared to similar ones I saw at Walmart. They look sleek and they fit into my backpack nicely. I'm happy I made this purchase.
I have never loved a set of pens so much in my life. They are even better than the Sharpie pens I have.
I use these every day in my studies/homework; only problem is that they bleed through the paper so cannot be used on thin paper
"I bought these to use with a day planner and they've been great.  Nice and smooth to write with, and great for doodling too.  Plenty of color options, and they mix quite well too if you're quick enough."
"Very nice pens, bright colors, don't bleed out and very precise tip. Also they are fin and very comfortable to handle.  The cap is also small (so easy to  loose) and clicks in securely. The color selection is decent as well."
Love them 
Bright fun colors!  They are very fine tips that don't bleed through.  Nice Pens!
i use it to write
Love the points
Writes nice and smooth and no bleed through!
these can bleed thru to other side so that's why just OK
I love these pens! They're really thin so they make me write neater. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's big on colors and thin-felt markers/pens!
"Many of the pens are missing the tip that should release inc. When trying to write, the page simply feels and sounds as if it's being cut."
Great pens!  Very precise tips.
Bought these to liven up my passion planner. They are a great quality for the price. They don't bleed when drawing and writing and glide nicely across the paper.
Received today and the black and brown pen were completely busted and leaked all in the package! The packaging is VERY poor quality! A #2 pencil is stronger material than these pens!
"Wow! I didn't realize what quality these were. I just ordered because they popped up as an add-on for a planner I also got. They have a good weight, but are fine tip and I love the colors. I will definitely purchase again."
"They have been writing great so far, I hope they last me a long time."
These are the best pens I have ever used for my calendar/planner/journal. They don't bleed through my medium thickness paper. The ink colors are bright - which make it super easy to color code my planner and easily identify different event types. The case they come in is durable. I am constantly throwing it in my purse or work bag.
ok
"I didn't realize these were markers, I expected pens. Great customer service though."
Great
Write very smoothly. Pretty colors.
Good colors and clean lines.
"If you're a picky pen person and want pens that write smoothly, these are a great find. I have been using these pens almost every day for over two months and they're still writing perfectly. Sometimes they'll bleed through paper if you write heavy, but not like a fine sharpie will. 10/10 would recommend!"
great pens
"Really nice colors! However the pen tips have a tendency to break apart and become chunky, making it harder to write with :("
Nice writing. Good quality ink. Great price.
I just received the pen set but it looks like a really good product. I think the colors are vibrant and I plan to use them with my day planner. I would recommend the color pen set to my friends.
These pens are awesome. Bought a set for myself and a set for my mom for Christmas. We specifically use them for the adult coloring books as the fine points helps keep within the lines. Color is bright and vibrant and matches the lid. Arrived on time.
I have a pen fetish and these pens write nice. Very fine tip for creative writing so I can't wait to craft with these pens and see what comes of it :)
Love these pens! The write so smooth and they are very colorful.
I am a pen collector and this product was very satisfied!!
"Exactly what I was looking for.
But a heads up: they are very thin so at first its kind of weird to hold and they bleed through standard paper.
Neither of these things are necessarily cons though. I would purchase again"
Exactly as described
If you are needing a fine point marker pen this set has it all. Good color and it handles nice.
"These pens were better than I expected.  I would recommend for taking notes and journaling.  I tried to use them for coloring, but I don't think they would last long and the yellow one is  beginning to fray a bit.  For writing, these are smooth and they write well.  I like the colors and I don't see any fading as others have stated.  The cap and uncap easily unlike some other pens I bought that are difficult to open."
Very nice to write with
Love these for my teacher planner
Ink to paper drys super quick and i write really well with them. Happy purchase on my end
Love all the colors but most of the tips were split or frayed
High quality pens and arrived quicker than I expected.
LOVE these pens!
I bought these to go with my planner and they are great.
Great pens!!
Very smooth!
Write nicely. Extremely fast shipping.
"These pens are better than using Sharpies in my opinion. The only con Id have is that the purple, red, and green are really dark so be careful if you're using it for your notes. It bleeds through alot."
"Love how they write, good colors too, can not use regular pens after using these because it just looks so much better "
"omg these pens Im so surprised at how amazing they write. im always skeptical buying online and its now that I've started buying more on amazon but lemme tell you these markers are awesome they are fine so you can write without making a mess. I use this for y planner to color code events, appt, dates, and so on."
Very nice quality for the price.
These pens are better than I expected. Writes smoothly and the ink is vibrant.
These have very bright colors when you write with them. They are wonderful. I really like them. They do not bleed though.
One marker was broken at the tip unable to use.
"These pens are exactly what I was looking for. They are bright vivid colors with very fine point. I love how varied the colors in the pack and they help me maintain my Type-A organization scheme in working order. I did not find that the ink smeared or anything (note: I am right handed), nor did they bleed through the paper unless left touching it for like about 20 seconds. I would definitely re-order these!"
Love how these pens write!
"I purchased MyLifeUnit Fineliner color pen set as a gift. As I thought it was well received. She really appreciated the variety of colors, blends and refills within a quality case."
"Great colors, bright and beautiful"
Its very smooth color pens. I really recomend it and its really good quality.
Im a pen gal! Love them!
Pens are very nice. Arrived quickly. They don't bleed through pages on a standard note book page though there is ghosting. I like them
Ordered the pens for my planner and received them quickly. I like them fine just wish i would have ordered a little thicker ones
Love the colors and they write so smoothly compared to sharpie pens like these. Highly recommend for gold note-taking
Vibrant colors and I love the fine tip.
"NICE SET AND PRICE, BOUGHT AS CHRISTMAS PRESENTS- STOCKING STUFFER FOR MY CLIENTS"
cute pens for the price.
Just how the look in the pictures is what I got. Love all the colors. I will be buying more. I use them for my college notes.
"Clear, sharp, doesn't smudge or bleed through."
Pen set arrived packaged nicely and exactly as I expected. They are very nice. Would recommend them to friends looking for something similar!
Nice pens but I received 2 purple pens so Im missing a color.
Picked these up for school and they work perfectly for my projects.
"I absolutely love this pen pack and wish I would have bought the bigger pack. I also bought these for a few employees. These are wonderful, they write so smooth and don't dry out."
"I really like these pens I use them for my planner and Ive used them like around a week and they work very well they do bleed on thin paper but in my planner it does not , so Im happy with this product :)"
Nice colors
The Color Pen Set is of excellent quality and it was delivered promptly..
Very happy and 100% satisfied with these lovely pens.  Will definitely order them again and again.
I loved the color selection and the very fine tip for writing in journals!
"These are really nice pens/markers. I love how they write, and the colors are nice too. Looking forward to buying more colors!"
Love these! Beautiful colors.
Beautiful colors and works well for my planner.
These pens are a great quality for the price. I use them to take notes for class and they write smoothly and the colors are bright. They also don't bleed through the pages like other pens do.
they loved
I use these for notes in college they are great for color coordinating what I am writing and studying.
These pens are amazing! I love how thin they are and they don't bleed. They write very similar if not the same to the Sharpie Fine Point Pens and are a great price!
they write wonderful.
nice
These are great! Gorgeous saturated colors- super helpful for taking organized notes in class:)
Perfect for writing in small spots! Bought them to go with a small agenda! Just perfect!
"Good thin size.  Do I think the pens which are more like markers will last for a long time?  Who knows. Are they affordable, sure."
This are wonderful for coloring in this very thin lined book i have.  The tips are very fine.  Love it...
These pens are amazing!  Smooth tip and Ive had no issues with bleeding through to the next page.
"very fine tip, for detail. I use them for my planner. Works wonderfully."
They do not bleed through the pages. Does the job.
Very nice for writing and not having things bleed through.  Nice thin line
These are awesome!
These are great for my planner and they don't bleed through
I absolutely love these pens. I bought them to use in my plannerand they didn't bleed through the paper and they write so smooth. So glad I added these with my purchase.
"I love these pens. They are vibrant and being water based, make great watercolor pens. But also being water based, they aren't exactly permanent. They are great for drawing, but not for signing documents."
"These bleed through as much as a sharpie would and definitely are not note taking pens as they were suggested when I searched ""best note taking pens"". They bleed through the page enough to bleed onto the next page, which also wastes the second side of the notebook page.
I would not buy again."
"Pens are very fine tipped, color quality is vivid, minimal to no bleed through."
I love how smoothly these pens write.
I am in love with these pens! The point is fine and the colors are so bright and rich!
"This was a gift, the recipient reports that they work well!"
i love these. bought 2 sets!
Great pens. I use them for my day to day journal and they work wonderfully. Depending on what paper I use will depend on the amount of bleed through. It's usually very minimal.
Did not receive item in box.  Ordered two items and only received one of the items.
"Edited: two weeks in and all of the pens have split.

The write well for regular felt tip pens, and none of mine have split yet. For drawing though they are very streaky and it's extremely difficult to get any sense of uniform color."
Fast delivery and great pens!!
Never again most of the pens broke
"So far I love these pens. I have only used them for a little over a week, but they write so smooth. The color choices make it nice for organizing my planner."
"I LOVE these pens. Im honestly so scared Im going to run out of ink (especially on the black pen), bc they're so good. The sizing & the amount of ink that comes out when you write is nice. Tips are similar to sharpie pens, but definitely works better & more smooth. I do plan on re-purchasing once I get my full use of this order."
"A great purchase, not only for the quality but the awesome price! The pens do not bleed and the colors are very vibrant. Would purchase this item again."
"These are really nice pens for the price. The line is super fine and they don't drag very much so its easy to get a nice clean line. Worth it. Thank you, Seller!"
Great pens
Exactly what I expected. Like the colors.
Nice product for the price.  Arrived quickly and pens write well.
I love these pens.  They don't bleed through my planner pages!
"I like the colors and the quality of the pens- they work very well.  The only thing I have trouble with is removing the caps...since the pens are so thin, I do have difficulty gripping on the pen when pulling the cap off.  It takes a bit more force than normal to remove the cap, but other than that, these are very nice."
These are great! The colors are bright and very smooth writing. The perfect thing my planner.
Love these pens.
These came with a planner - not impressed with the planner but the pens are very nice - good quality.
These pens are perfect.
"Super great pens ! Gave them to my mom as a gift because she loves to color in those adult coloring books, and they work wonderfully ! I also used them to write everything in my planner for the semester - will probably have to buy some for myself."
Love these fines. They are super smooth and don't bleed to the next page.
Buy JAPANESE pens... They're better.
"I love love these skinny little pens.  They're exactly what I was looking for, and the pigment is great.  My daughter keeps trying to steal them for drawing."
I liked that they are very similar to the Sharpe pens! And the best part is the pricing you can get these for! I bought them for college to have better organization and I'm loving them.
They are perfect markers for me. I am a third grade teacher and I love a good fine point marker. Great colors. Great ink. Love them!!!
"There are really good color pens, they have a very good aesthetic feel when using them. The pens are perfect to decipher data when used to segregate work and try to assign it as per colors."
"Love the pens, they are so vibrant!"
Love these pens! They're so smooth. I'd totally get them again
Very nice and fine tip pens. Needed for small writing on a calendar and turned out perfect.
"The tips aren't great quality. They split in half very easily. Some of the pens now have a very thick line, which bleeds out a bit, while others do not. This happened after just a week."
"I am a pen collector and fanatic. These are actually great quality for the price in comparison to other sellers. They write wonderfully, and the fine point is great for note taking, letters, work, or art projects."
great pens.
Favorite marker pens for my planner!
Great product
the pens are not as fine point as I expected but the colors are vibrant.
Plan to journal some of my crafting to keep me on track. Like the colors.
Great quality super colors.
I love using these with the Panda Planner. All the colors look great and make it more fun to fill up the planner. Don't press too hard on them though because the tip will split and give you a double line when you write. Besides that I LOVE them and will keep buying them once they run out.
"If you're planning on using them for schoolwork you may want to find another pen. These are very nice, but probably not for rigorous writing."
I love these colorful pens. They kind of are like sharpies except they don't Seep through paper. They make me want to write more things in my planner!
Love the bright colors and fine tip!
They were exactly what I was looking for and the colors helped me get everything in my planner organized.
I really like these! They do create vibrant thin lines and feel good in your hand.
"Nice quality, beautiful colors, and a joy to write with."
Very nice! Very fine point and vivid colour. Excellent quality for an amazing price. Arrived as scheduled.
"Love these, may need to purchase more since my daughter keeps attempting to take them!"
"I have come to the conclusion that no pens are as good as Japanese pens and these didn't disappoint. They are everything Sharpie's should be they write smooth, are pigmented, and all around sleek and comfortable to write with. They are really long so make sure you have a long enough pencil pouch but they are the perfect diameter and length. Worth the price 100%! And they write soooo smooth, it just glides over the paper."
I like these but I should have purchased a bigger set.
Awesome pens I love using them on my new planner makes it soo fun and colorful and seems to help with my penmanship
"I love these markers!! I needed something with color to write my pathophysiology notes that wouldnt bleed through the paper and these markers are a dream. They have a fine tip, write beautifully  and hardly smear. The only time they have ever bled through the page was it I wrote over the same spot multiple times"
Ordered this for my daughter and she loved it!  The colors are beautiful.
Sorry I will not be able to give a review as this is a gift.
They are great and very pretty colors
"These are great quality and very affordable. I bought these to use in my fitness Journal and I love them. They are all very vibrant colors but, not so vibrant that's you can't see words if you plan on writing with them like I do. They are not neon however, the yellow it's a little darker then a highlighter and is a little harder to see if you use it for writing. Overall, this is a fantastic set of markers. So far I have used them everyday for two weeks and the color has not faded. I would be satisfied for them to last six months to a year for everyday use- I will update my review when they die out."
Very dissatisfied with product and customer service.
Nice fine lines color pens. Great to use for day planning.
"I like the variety of colors in this set; however, the yellow does not work as well as the other colors. These pens do actually have a very fine tip. I have tried other fine point, colored pens before, but I was never satisfied with the results that I got from them. I color code my calendar, files, and portfolio; these pens work well for that purpose also-as well as for my sketches. This is my first time trying this product, and I believe I will continue to use the product, but I will have to find something else to work for the yellow."
I ordered these pens to help with my use of the Panda Planner. They are perfect for what I need!
great pens for cheap!
"These pens are awesome! Vibrant colors, easy to write with and great price."
I love my new color pen set. They are exactly what I hoped they would be. They write beautifully and don't smudge. I will be placing another order for my daughter who keeps trying to steal mine
I love writing with these pens. They have a fine tip which is great for trying to squeeze tiny print in my planner. The colors are vibrant. I will definitely re-order these.
"These are one of the few pens that I can actually say do not bleed on thin paper! I purchased them to use in my Day Designer from Target because the planner is perfect but the paper is extremely thin. Im 100% satisfied with the product and if you're funny about your pens, you know exactly what I mean!!"
"I ordered this item by accident because of that dumb ""1-click order"" button and I couldn't cancel it! Since I live in Canada the total took 12$ out of my Amazon.com gift card and when I wanted to return it for a refund it said it would only give me 5$ back! What the heck! These crayons aren't even that good, not professional at all and look and smell cheap overall. Really displeased with this and not sure what to do with them."
These pens write very smoothly. They work great in my bullet journal.
I LOVE my MyLifeUNIT Fineliner Color Pens!!!!!  Best pens ever
Love them. They write beautifully and my daughter loves them for drawing
I only received two of the ten pens. >:( stupid
Mild bleeding but great coverage and hue.
Great colors and love the fine line. Perfect for my planner!
"Very nice pens. Great for writing notes and doodling. I primarily use them to mark in my Bible, but i do have to be a little careful or they will bleed through the pages."
It's very colorful and as advertised.
"The packaging came ripped open but the markers themselves are great quality, would purchase again"
Amazing pens!
These pens work very well. They're bright and write great.
These are very nice and packaged well too.
"They write nice, I just wish they didn't bleed so much through thicker paper"
Love them!!
Really like the precision of the tip. Smooth writing and strokes.
I love these pens!
pens are great
"Love them.  The colors are vibrant, and they're so easy to write/draw with.  Will definitely be ordering again."
Love these markers. Hope they last a long time.
Very nice fine line markers!  Colors are ver vibrant.
more colors please!
I love the consistency of the color and the fine points of the pens. The colors are very beautiful and vibrant. The only problem I had was that the plastic pouch tore easily when I tried to open it. But that is not a major problem. I would buy them again.
I love these! The colors are great and they write so well! I like using the black one in my journal because the paper is parchment.
Perfect for my color coding events in my planner.
I really like these pens. The colors are great and they don't bleed through paper. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Love the colors  and quality.
These are great for writing in a planner. The colors are vivid.
These are wonderful and fantastic! They are lightweight and write beautifully. They do not seem to bleed through the paper I am using either. Would highly recommend!
i love these pens so much! very similar to sharpie pens.
"I got these pens so I could write small and neat in my planner. These certainly fit the bill! I haven't noticed any bleeding, the lines are sharp, and the colors are bright and bold. A great purchase!"
Loved the fine line! Great colors too and they don't bleed through.
"The good part is: These pens have very fine tips, so it is easy to use on more intricate adult coloring patterns.
The not-so-good part: The colors are not at all vibrant.  The colors are blah and don't stand out.
I won't buy again."
Good price and pens. not bleeding through my paper so even better 
Like they way they write.
They write so awesome!!
"Doesnt smear, writes smoothly!"
Exactly what I wanted!
"these are awesome!  I'm making a stab at a Bullet Journal and these are so precise.  Fun to use -- and great for drawing lines, etc."
Love the colors and the fine line
These pens ns are everything I expected. They were so  Nice when I was writing definitely would recommend to anyone
"Ordered these pens for my planner. They work great!  I have not experienced the problems others have with pen tip breaking, ink running out, etc., good value for the price."
"Super happy with the pens! They write perfectly! I was concerned that the pens might bleed through, but they haven't at all!!"
"the ink tip splits easily, but for the price and color quality I would purchase again. especially great for note taking"
As expected.
This pen set was perfect to go along with the calendar I purchased for a family member.
They write nice and smooth. Perfect array of colors. Whats not to like?
Love the fine tips. These are great for color coding my calendar
Fast shipping!  They are nice and bright when I write in my planner!  I will purchase again
Great for journal and meticulous art work. Fantastic product.
These pens are awesome for using in my Fit Journal. They color code well with my 80 Day Obsession food list! They don't bleed through the pages. I LOVE these pens!
Its worth the price!! It glides on paper and doesnt spread much. Good purchase
Great colors! They write smoothly too
I ordered these with the intention of using them in my Panda planner. They are perfect! The tip is the just right size.
Great quality!  They are very smooth to write with and have great pigment. Highly recommended.
Of the markers that I used the write very well clean crisp lines--however 2 of the markers ran out of ink after 1 use.
"The bomb.com hands down! Doesnt bleed theough between pages.. all the colors (except yellow) you can see great.. its a fine point pen however when you write, it thickens up a little bit which is great for me cuz I write big. The price is definitely worth the money!"
"Pretty colors- like a very fine tip marker, no complaints!!"
"The colors are nice. However, they're not very sturdy. The tip of one of the pens split just after a few uses, and I wasn't even pressing hard with them. But I guess thats to be expected for something so inexpensive. I would get a pack of sharpie pens instead since they're about the same price and definitely more durable."
These pen are so amazing!! I just love them !!  And get price
Love the product! Have so much fun coloring with them!
Love these pens!
"Very fine lines, LOVE them for my planner.  Minimal bleed through compared to the sharpie fine line pens I was using before.  Highly recommend."
Love these for my calender!! Very good quality and great price.
These are great with rich color transfer to paper.
I love the way they write
Bright colors and the ink flows smoothly.
"The pens arrived on time and not damaged.  Theyre part of a gift, so they're gift wrapped and put in a box and sent to a friend in Washington."
Absolutely love the color selection that came in this kit. The package came when expected and there were no damages. I cant wait to start my new workout journal with these awesome pens!
Love love love!
"Okay, let's be honest, these pens were less than $6. Given the price, I really shouldn't have expected much. However, I've only had these two days and two of the pens have already broken & the ink completely stopped working in another.  I wasn't two words into a sentence, when the felt tip part the pen split and the felt tip actually fell out of the other. Now, I know what you're thinking, but I was not applying undo pressure ... Just normal writing.
The actual pen itself is very thin. Thinner than the LePen or Stabilo brand pens, which I guess is fine if you're like me and have small hands. If not, you may find these hard to hold. Additionally, the outside of the pen is made of flimsy, plastic that actually bends when you're writing. (Again, normal writing. Not pressing down firmly.) In one review, a lady said upon arrival she found they were not what she expected so she had given them to a grandchild to use. I can assure you, a child would break the tips off these pens in no time. The cap must be FIRMLY snapped back on and as ridiculous as this sounds, is no small undertaking. In my opinion, they are not worth $6."
"Thin, cute and perfect writing capabilities. I got so many compliments and they don't bleed through your planner pages."
So far so good!
"I love these pens! They are great quality and very fine tip. They don't smear very much at all, but they do bleed through paper just a little bit (like notebook paper) so just be careful about that. The ink is very pigmented so it never looks watery. Would purchase again!"
"Fast delivery, and so cute! I love these pens."
Love the fine line of this pen.  However they were not as bright as their caps indicate.
"Vibrant colors, good quality and price. I bought them to use in my 365 planner and I am very happy!"
very nice set of fine tip coloured pen. Good packaging and very good price. I can recommend this product.
I LOVE THESE PENS. Fine print for my planner and skinny enough to put in my planner book to carry around.
Sharp and smooth!
Super cute markers that color great! Doesn't bleed very bad
"Very thin tops as advertised, great for Pointillism (dot art) or writing in small spaces such as calendar boxes etc.
Color quality and marker quality are good."
Variety of great fine pens that don't bleed through pages!
Very nice fine line pens! Theyre so cute and perfect for writing in my planner!
"I love these pens!! A great color selection and they arrived well-packaged. I don't really have a pencil-holder type thing, so I've kept the pens in the container they arrived in."
These write great! Love the fine point!
"Perfect for planners!  These markers fit the bill for exactly what I needed.  The write smooth, don't bleed, and have a nice carrying pouch to keep them together that I can slide in my bag with my planner.  I like to have bright colors for different subjects in my planner like each kid, job, activities, etc. and these are great.  The only criticism I could find and it's not that big of a deal is that the caps don't allow you to hook them to anything like a pocket in your purse which I like to be able to keep track on them."
first set I bought were perfect. they lasted the 10 weeks of school. I bought a new set for the next 10 weeks- my second set didn't even last 2 weeks. The ends all split. very disappointed.
Nice fine point and smooth writing.
"I absolutely love these pens. I have a small planner and fine tip pens are the only ones that I like to use in it. These write smooth and small. They are perfect for me. The price was very good as well. Cheap, but professional grade."
"Bought these for a friend, and she loves them. Didnt realize they would have foreign writing on the side of the pens, but she still loves how fine point they are and they write really smooth."
"These are one of the best pen packs I have ever bought! Although, the black ink spreads out on the paper unless you write very fast. Otherwise, the colors are vibrant and pretty!"
"Love the variety of colors. These pens are fine felt-tip markets. Perfect to jot things in my planner!  They do bleed through a little, but not much and I don't mind."
"Small, compact, and colorful!  these are the perfect markers for my planner."
"Bought these for my daughter, wish they were mine! Might be buying me some bow."
"I bought these to use for my day planner-- wanted to add some color coordination and some fun.  These are AWESOME.  They don't bleed through the pages and the colors are very vibrant.  the tips haven't gotten soft, so the lines are still fine enough to write small after a while.  For the price, these are amazing and I'd buy more in a heartbeat."
These pens are working out great filling out a weekly and monthly planner helping me color code for specific activities and events for each of my family members.
Pens are great! Cant wait to use them! Good packaging and assortment of colors.
Didn't bleed through my The Simple Elephant planner pages. Colors are vibrant. Great product.
Great pens! and awesome beautiful colors!!!! Thank you! Very happy with them!
Great quality pens! Love them!
These pens are awesome!! Love the color options. The ink is perfect it doesn't bleed through paper like a fine tip Sharpie usually does. The little plastic envelope/case they come in is not very sturdy so don't rely on that to store them.
"Pens are nice, with vibrant colors. Only downside is is they are really thin, much narrower than standard pens."
"These pens/markers write really well. I love the fine point, ideal for writing in my planner."
"I've been using these to decorate my planner and upcoming birthday cards. They are smooth and do not bleed through. The colors posted online are true to the ink color.
Would absolutely buy again"
Great!
These pens are wonderful.  They are very vibrant and write quite smoothly.  Plus they came at a great price.  I would definitely buy again.
I love these because they write in the color & a slim line!
"I love organizing in color and these pens are great! I originally got them for my planner and they were so great that I ended up using them in classes and for daily use as well. They write very smoothly and don't bleed too much so they are great for note taking and planner use. I absolutely love them! Also, I use them so often in a day and after an entire semester, I still haven't noticed them drying out so you get plenty of use with them. HIGHLY recommend."
Easy to write with really love them.
Doesnt bleed through my planner!! Writes super smooth too!
I am very happy with the quality of these pens. Theyre exactly what I need for my planner and they look great.
So thin and cute!
"Love these pens!!! Write fine, and don't soak through!"
So far I love these pens!! They are awesome
The pen set came quickly and arrived the same day as my journal.  The quality of the pens was better than expected.  They write smoothly and the color quality is great.
Loved them. My kids loved them too.
Bought this as a gift and they loved how smooth the pens were.
My daughter  loves them
I went back and ordered more.  Great price for what you get.
Got these to use in my planner. They're great so far.
"Nice set of colorful, felt tip pens.  Colors are vibrant and easily identifiable by their caps."
Very good writing pens do not bleed through will buy again.
I absolutely love these pens!!! Great quality!!
Thank you
"These pens are so amazing! They write smooth, very nice in color and they're just so awesome. They came in a reasonable timing as well. Very deserving of 5 stars."
Nice pens. They don't bleed or soak through to the next page. You get a lot for the price I just wish there were more colors. They do sale other packs that are larger with bigger color selections though.
Love these pens
Fine point and bright bold colors.
Good colors. Nice to write/draw with.
"It is a drawing pen so keep in mind while using.
The colors vary slightly from the outside color but still nice colors. I've tried the pens on multiple different paper types, they don't necessarily bleed through the paper but the color does spread a bit from where I actually write. I use them to write in my planner which has fairly thick paper and they do ghost a bit, but if that doesn't bother you then these are good to go."
"These are amazing! I prefer  fine point pens and am very very picky about the pens and type of pens I use.  I have had my students (I have juniors and seniors) tell me I am a pen snob!  LOL  Well, these qualify!  They are fine point, haven't had them smear yet. I love the color options as I color code my calendars and lesson plans.
I would definitely buy these again- and will when they run out!"
"These write beautifully, perfect for my planner!"
I really like these so far.
Amazing!  I used them to color code my biology notes today!
A few of them were dried out and didn't work when they arrived. Otherwise the ones that worked were perfect for using in my planner.
Very good quality thin lines pens
"Arrived on time, they're very tiny around...a bit difficult to hold even for smaller hands. Perfect for lettering!! Strong pigment and easily builds for bolder lines!!
They write perfectly!! I'm very impressed! I've easily paid as much for one marker as I did for the whole set!! I'll be looking to purchase more in the future!"
So far so good!
Love these!  They write so fine that they are perfect for my journaling and in my goals planner without bleeding through the page!  Will buy again!
Very smooth pen.  I love how fine point they are. All beautiful colors.
These pens are amazing.  I use them from writing to outlining drawings to adding color.  This brings my notes to life and is easier for me to see my notes from a distance.
Tips break easily.  I'm simply writing with the pens and two tips have broken in under a week.  However writes clearly when it does work
These pens create a very fine line and are very brightly colored which is a great plus. I also like the color selection.
"I use them for note taking. It bleeds through the paper, but the colors are vibrant."
"I like these pens a lot. One fell to the floor and was damaged. They are more delicate than I thought. Be careful with them. I use with my planner so I keep them in the package, but the packaging broke on the first day. I would recommend."
I use these to journal! Theyre awesome and don't bleed through the page.
Great product.  The pens are comfortable to hold and smooth to write and draw with.  The delivery was prompt.
thx for a great product! 
These pens are great light weight smooth writing no bleeding and the colors are so vibrant.  If you are a planner like me these pens are for you.  I am able to color coordinate the entire year and feel great about doing it with these pens.  And you cant beat the price.
Love these pens ... don't share them ppl will try to take them!! Purchased for use with my planner with some coloring in it.
This works great for my needs but some of the colors have the ink fall apart after a few uses but no regrets for the amount spent
Perfect pens to use with my calendar. I love using them with my pocket agenda as well.
The pens are thin and high quality and the colors are varied and vibrant!!  I definitely recommend these pens.
great pens for the price!
Love the way these items write. So soft and the ink flows very well. Very bright and colorful as well!
"They were great while they lasted, which was just a couple months. Two of the pens tip's split in half and one is going a little dry. For just a couple bucks more, I'm going to try Paper Mate's markers."
"I love these pens!  I ordered a Panda Planner and the pens were a suggested companion purchase.  I am so glad I got them.  The are rich in pigment and although they are advertised as fine line pens, they are thick enough to be readily visible.  They write easily and clearly."
Great pens nice color selection
Love these pens.  My kids love the colors!!
I have bought 3 sets of these pens. They are really the best I have every used.
Very smooth ink flow and writing tip with gorgeous colors. I like this pen set very much.
Writes easily. Fun colors.
I love these pens! Beautiful colors and great performance!
The tip is very accurate and the colors are bright. The description is very accurate and I like writing with them. They write very smooth.
"I really was hoping with the colors ,for brightness. And pretty ,for my 2018 book. , I wanted to do different days. And holidays. And special things all in different colors. To make this yrs Agenda book and calender look nice,  NOT WITH THESE. IM GIVING THEM TO MY GRANDAUGHTER TO USE UP ON HER BOOKS. BECAUS THERE NOT GOING TO LAST LONG. SORRY"
Super fine lines. Perfect to color organize my agenda!
"gorgeous, fine tip pens to use for notes + letters!"
The pens write smoothly & don't smudge. I am a color coded type personality. These work wonderfully for notations & underlining passages. They have helped make my journaling much more interesting.
Love how thin they write
Very smooth.  Colors are vivid with no bleed thru in my coloring planner.  Yes u can see some of the colors on the backside but so far they haven't actually bled on to another page.  Only complaint is I want more colors.
Awesome..
These write smoothly.  The line is very fine and colors are dark enough to read easily.
Fun and neat. Great for art!
Great pens! Will rebuy.
Love these and I use the daily (hourly) for my new planner.
Ok bought for my granddaughter.
"Who doesn't love a pack of fineliner color pens?!  What is especially fabulous about this set is the color selection of the pens!  I color code my calendar at the office and can carry that over to my planner for my school work - and I love that the ink does not bleed over onto the back of the page, regardless of paper weight.  These are the best and I highly recommend them!"
"Okay, not the best felt pen, but good for the price."
Great quality and colors are consistent. Will buy again. Very reasonable price.
"These are wonderful pens with different colors in a nice plastic case.  Perfect for writing in journal, calendars, etc.  Would highly recommend."
Great writing pens/fine markers! I like the color and smooth writing. They do bleed through slightly but nothing like others I've used.
Love these pens! They are super colorful and do the job for my budget book.
Beautiful colors!
Nice pens but be gentle or risk splitting the tips!
"Says theres 10 colors, but one of them is doubled so theres only 9. The colors on the caps are not true to the colors that come out. The purple on the cap is very light, almost a lavender, but it is actually more of a very very dark royal purple. Same with the greens and blues.  The color starts out flowing great but isn't consistent."
I highly recommend these color pens.  Love the fine point and slim shape.
"Beautiful, vibrant colors and great quality!"
Perfect for journaling and drawing!
"Needed them for my planner, worked great, no bleed thru my pages"
These pens work great for my calendar! The fine tip makes it easy to write smaller. Love the colors and got them within a week.
"Love! Love! Love! the way these pens write.
Great for calendars and writing in small areas."
Love these! Smooth writing. Vibrant colors
Work great!
"I really like this pens. I bought them to write in my agenda. Its exactly what I was looking for, fine lines and bright colors."
Great for my planner !
I am an organizing planner guru so these work perfectly with my planner and being able to use all the different colors and I like the fine tips too.
I really love these pens! I just got a planner and these pens do not bleed through to the other side of the page. Plus they are really fun to doodle with and decorate the planner with.
I love these pens! The best part about them is that they do not bleed through my planner. They are pretty colors too
Amazing pens.  I love these pens.
I like how the writing is smooth and the colors are labeled. The design is nice as well. I don't have any issues with these pens.
"These pens are smooth, don't skip, and are true to the cap colors."
"Great pens for journaling and using for planner.  If you're a color coder like me, you will enjoy these.  Yellow could have probably been replaced, however, by a darker color to for increased functionality as it is so light."
"Great colors, comfy to hold, writes smooth!"
I love these pens! I've bought a few pens similar to these and these are BY FAR my favorite pens!!
Great to get organized with! They work great!
"I like how fine these are, but the yellow is too bright to be seen on regular paper, and the purple and dark blue colors are indistinguishable from one another, which is a bummer :(

All the other colors are great, though!"
The pens are perfect for color-coding my calendar/planner. The colors are vivid and the tips flow smoothly over the paper.
Great color pencil.
These are perfect fine  and in colors  make writing a breeze  I always have a hard time finding fine points  Love these
"I love these markers- so far, they have kept very clear even after using them a while. They are fine-lined and yet the tip has yet to dull as sometimes happens. Love these!"
Love the colors! Met every expectation!
Love these pens! Fluid writing and bright color!
"Perfect. Doesnt run , great color"
I love the way these pens write. They don't bleed through regular paper but they do bleed on thin (e.g. Bible) paper. They lose a star for the tip splitting easily. I don't put that much pressure on pins when I write but one of the tips split pretty easily while I was writing.
"These are excellent for any pen/marker junkie.  I got these as an addition to my wall calendar but believed them to be a bit light and thin for a proper view of appointments. They work great, however, in my personal journal, notebooks, and desk calendar.  No bleed through nor smudges."
Soft tip. Does not bleed through as long as you don't write to hard with them. Love the colors.
"I am in love with these pens! These are perfect for journaling, drawing, or whatever task you have at hand. They write smoothly and are fine tipped, just as described. I want to buy more for my mom!"
Love these pens!!
Great for doodling or journal writing.  Perfect for labeling small areas
"These Pens were all that I was expecting them to be. Small and compact and works great with color coding my planners.
Would definitely recommend."
Awesome product. Great price.
Perfect tip size and smooth to write in my planner. Doesn't bleed through my Panda Planner!
"I'm a writer, and this helps me organize my thoughts/characters, etc.  Great colors as well!"
"Great pens.  Write smoothly, beautiful colors. Would buy again."
"Do not buy!  They are great for a few uses but after a while the break and leak everywhere, it has done it on both sets I bought.  I am bummed since I like the feel and how small they are but hands look like a little kid..."
I love these pens so much that I ordered more.
I love these so much I bought 2 sets!  I use them for my planner and it adds such a fun touch of color - they even make me want to use my planner more often!  They don't bleed through the pages at all and are surprisingly great quality.
"Took a while for it to be actually shipped out. However the actual product is amazing. Smaller then I imagined but I think they're perfect. All the colors are really vibrant, but the yellow is hard to see."
Fine point great for drawing or taking notes.  Reasonably priced
Happy with my purchase.
These pens are everything I hoped for. I use them for a monthly planner and they are thin enough to write in the space without leaving blotchy edges. They colors are great as well for color cordination. The price was great as well.
The colors are beautiful and the ease of writing is great!  Just what I was looking for!
I love the way these pens write. I have them at my desk at work and my coworkers have started using them as well.
I like the fine point of the tip.  It really makes drawing precise.
"Great Product, but amazon shipping its extreamly slow."
Nice set of colors. Doesn't bleed.
"Best ever!! Great colors and writes perfect!

I use these in my planner and color doesnt show through to the next page which is a problem with so many other products! I also ran into a coworker who also loved these for her planner!"
"They are very fine lined, and very nice to use. Doesn't seem to bleed on stationary or cards. Love the colors."
Perfect little pens for writing in a journal or planner.  They have a super sharp line.  Good color variations.
These are very nice pens.  I enjoy writing stuff with them.  The colors are nice to look at and help my creativity.  Recommended!
I would have given it 5 stars if the black pen had not been broken when I opened it. I got black ink EVERYWHERE.
Im a write so these pens are great for my daily calendar highlights and notes
Love these markers! Especially at such a great price!
Nice color set with fine writing. Great for planners. Highly recommend.
"These are great, will order again!"
Love these pens. Work better than expected. Recommend 
"The colors are gorgeous, but I really expected that .4 mm would be thin/fine enough, but I expected a finer line.  I will use them and enjoy them, but will continue to search for even thinner/finer lines."
The pens were delivered in a timely manner and we're exactly as described. They make my journal entries more colorful and interesting.
"Nice quality, great for bullet journaling."
Have used the pens for a couple days.  Purple pen tip has already split.  Colors are nice but does not matter if the tips split after using 2 times.  Very disappointed.  Returning.
Love using this in my day planner.  Easy to read and to color coordinate my actions/to-dos.  I also use them in Bible Journaling/Mapping.  The fine line pens work much better and more legible.
I bought this as a gift to my sister who likes to write out her goals in her new Bloom planner and she loves them.
The pens are great to use for journaling.  The recipient of this gift enjoys it a lot. Thanks :)
So much fun!  I decided to really get into my planner this year. These pens are delightful!  Using them helps me differentiate between types od events and they are pretty too!
"Great price, great product!"
Love the fact they don't bleed through on the paper I use
Love these. Great color selection and very thin. Small enough to keep in my planner! Great quality for the money!
Great pens; already used several colors and they're all working perfectly.
"Beautiful set of pens at an unbeatable price. Great present for an artist, or just to have some nice pens."
These are the best pens ever. I am really picky and I love these. They don't smear. They write really smooth . Love the colors. Doesn't even smear or mess up when writing on shiny calendar pages.
Worked amazingly at first but dried out within the hour.
"Pens are fantastic!  Using in my planner, so far no smearing or smudges.  Bright and vibrant colors.  Case is also helpful, easy to get pens on and out, keeps them organized.  Used amazon prime and they were shipped free and got them in 2days.  Awesome"
I have gotten some diaries to write in and these pens make it more interesting and fun. Ive just started using them and will update if there is any problems.
"Great pens.  Very fine tip, doesn't smudge.  Haven't noticed any bleed through to other pages.  Been using them in my planner and they are great."
"Fast shipping, great markers. Only thing is the package the markers are kept in is ripped along the bottom so the pens fall out. No big deal really though."
"Product came in the time specified.  I really like these pens, they are slim and perfect for my size of hand, fine lines which I love, I bought to use with my 365 planner and fit perfectly in their accessory pouch"
Love love love these pens!
"LOVE this pen set! One of the best I've ever owned - great for journals, coloring, everything. Highly recommend!"
Was suggested to me to use for a possible bullet point journal.  Very fine points and very skinny pens.  Nice color selection.
Pen works great and they deliver amazing customer satisfactory!
Quick shipping. Bought for my new planner. Can't wait to use them for color coding
These pens are PERFECT for calendar updates and having small spaces to write in. LOVE the colors too!
Love these! Perfect for writing in my planner to add a fun touch of color!!
These are amazing little pens. I love writing and journaling with them!
"Bright colors, good 'feel' in my hand"
I don't think these write very well. The ink doesn't run into the fibers of the paper like other pens I prefer.
Works perfectly for writing information in small spaces
Very nice...
"fine points, fun colors!"
"Okay, so these write pretty well. I'll admit that. But my pack of 10 was missing 2, and once pen came in upside down. So I'm thinking maybe they were used?"
Love it . Amazing
"Love these fine-line pens. Will be perfect for my Elephant Planner that I bought. Thanks, Amazon, for the recommendation!"
not only they're extremely cute but the line is perfect. recommended 100%. The package arrived on time and in perfect condition. I bought it for me and then purchased them again for a friend.
I use these pens for journaling. The tips are thin just like I need and they write nice and crisp. The color variation is nice as well.
As advertised.
Great price! Justa as described!!
"After a few days, two of the tips of the pens split and now they write weirdly."
Best pens in the world. These are so perfect and great quality. Worth every penny.
Came packaged with no damages at all. All pens work amazing and are very pigmented. Depending on pressure the pens do not bleed through notebook paper. Would recommend to any artist or avid color coordinating notes addict.
My favorite pens in the world.
Great set of pens. I use them for notes and they do not bleed through the paper.
Beautiful colors great quality love the look and feel of the pens highly recommend
"I initially bought these to color code our budget, but the uses for them are never ending: adult coloring books, color coded notes, it's fun to write checks with a pink pen, I'm telling ya!, parent of multiple children with doctor or dentist appointments, school events, extra curricular activities? Use this pen set to color code all of that and you'll be able to easily identify conflicting activities and make adjustments. I honestly don't even know how my calendar survived without these!"
"Very nice fine point pens! Good quality, work well. The darker colors tend to show a little on the back of a page, but not really a big deal! The plastic pouch that they came in is actually pretty sturdy & works well to store them in."
Really cool pens. They work really well.
I absolutely adore these pens! Vibrant color.
"Great pen set to have, would purchase again and again."
Love the colors and how they write. Perfect for my new planner to keep things color coded and colorful but doesn't bleed through the pages. Definitely a GREAT price as well. Very happy with my purchase.
Pens are very nice.  Daughter sketches a lot and loves them!
Best pens ever!
"The pens are perfect for my journal. However as expected, since they are a felt tip, if you write over the same area more than once it will bleed through, slightly. Other than that, these have exceeded my expectations for the price. The colors are bright and true. Consistent color as you draw/write. Love Them, just wish I had bought the larger pack."
The pens are great but received one that did not have any ink.
Very nice coverage & fine tip works well in small spots
Thank you.... I like the pens and I am very picky about my pens. Good product. I would order again. Great experience.
The light and smoothness of the pen
I really like these pens.
"Arrived on time, excellent product!"
"I love the really fine line for theses pens, makes for neat writing."
Really like these so far.
"Impressed with the quality, for the cost. Great, fine point, colorful pens."
"Great set, great ink. Love the product and love the price. Would definitely recommend"
"I cant use these in my planner... they bleed through. I like the pens, but disappointed as I bought them for journaling in my planner."
"They write great, super pigmented, very smooth. Doesn't leak through on my thicker paper notebooks I use. I plan on purchasing again."
Was what I expected.
"the tips break easily, BIC works better"
Exactly what I needed
Love these pens! So thin and the colors are great! I don't use them for drawing but writing on a calendar
"Nicer than I expected, a good bargain at this price"
Love love!! They write great and I love all the different fun colors!!
I bought these pens for my artistic 13 yr old granddaughter for Hanukkah. She was very excited when she opened the package!
Bought this for myself for Christmas - great price!
I bought these to go with a monthly budget planner.  I truly enjoy how smoothly they right but are fine enough to give me space  Great pens.  Will use them for other things including the coloring books in areas that I would like to outline.  Thanks for the great product!!
Amazing. Arrived on time. They write amazing! Colors are vibrant and smooth. Use it for my agenda writting only.
I love how these pens write. They are perfect for using in my planner daily.
The case which holds the pens was split open--I had to tape it together.
Great.  Really like them.
"Very nice drawing pens, but not the advertised colors that I wanted to purchase. They are primary and secondary colors with black and brown."
Only one was kinda dried out. But absoultey love these pens
It was exactly what I expected and arrived on time. I am very happy with my order.
"Perfect for writing in my daily planner. Love the thinness of the pens, so I can write small."
"All I can say is ""WOW!""

Let me tell you a story...
A few months ago my friends and I were studying for tests at our school's library. We all gathered in a graduate room to study and found a pack of these pens on the table. So, being the curious engineering students we are, we quickly took them out of the package and began using them for our studies. We quickly fell in love. We loved the way the felt in the hand, the smoothness of the writing, and the overall satisfaction of using them. Week after week, we always went to the same room on campus because these pens were there. After awhile we had to buy them. All of us did.

I have advertised these pens to all of my college friends and everyone has the same emotions when first using them - satisfaction. That really is a quality that I never thought of in pens or pencils. These just feel good.

And to this day they are still my favorite pens to write with.

To MyLifeUNIT, I would love to be sponsored by you so i can spread the word of how great of a product you have made. Thank you. The end."
I love these colors and the fine point!
A must have.
"So these are a brand I've never heard of but they're amazing. I use them for my day planner and I love the variety of colors. Just as an FYI they seem more like ""fine tip markers"" than ""pens"" if that matters to anyone. They don't seem to have a defined ball tip but they are nice. They don't feel cheap or poorly made. I'm happy."
They write so beautifully!
"These pens are awesome! Great fine tip, good color."
The colors are so vibrant and I love how fine the point is. Perfect for school and for the planner if a busy person that needs things color coordinated!!!!
These pens make great stocking stuffers! Everybody loves to write with them.  The colors are fabulous.
"Do NOT buy.
Pen consistency of pen width when writing varies with colors. My pink pen looks like it should been used many times and leaks. A lot. The purple colored cap is missing. Not a BIG deal, but for someone who's slightly OCD, it sucks, Because BIG time lol. Save your money. Find another fine point set of pens cause this one ain't it. I purchase a LOT of amazon products and this one sucks so bad."
Great colors with clean drawing and writing. no blurred ink!
Love the colors and they write very well
I bought these to try them out and I will definitely be buying again. Great flow and don't bleed everywhere. I included a couple of quick sketches
"Love love love these pens, they write smooth lines and love the colors. My new favorite pens. Will be ordering more colors"
"they're beautiful! all the colors are great, except it also comes with yellow & you can hardly see it. beautiful pens, great find! highly recommended"
"Great seller! Great fine point, even flowing pens!"
I love these! Im buying more so I can have a stock pile. Theyre perfect for my planner and decorating small notes for my childrens school projects. I also use them at work!!
I use these to grade my students essays and writing prompts. It is the perfect tip to write between the lines!
I cant speak to durability of life of the product but I do like the smooth and fine lines. Im not too technical but there have no complaints for them!
Color pen set is awesome. My daughter uses it to color code her calendar. Service was great & item came as promised in a short time.
"Pens work great but I bought these for young kids and they arrived with another language on the pens, so that was pretty confusing for them."
"Excellent colors pen, I used for my planer and they are great I highly recommend it."
Theses are awesome and work great!!!
"these pens are so perfect. I have a lot of writing to do at times and there's so much space available on my calendar pages.
I am getting some for my friend. I know they are ""drawing"" pens, but I like colors on my planner and I love the fine point."
Great for coloring how ever the tips don't last long. Need to get a new set
"These are so nice! The write really beautifully, the colors are perfect, and its great for my planner because it doesnt bleed through. Would definitely order these again and recommend!"
Nice colors but bleeds right through paper.  Returned these.
Lovely set! Nice feel . Wonderful colors!
They are fine pens. Just as stated
Great pens with great colors. Write nicely and seem to be of good quality so far.
This was on someone's wish list.  I haven't used them.  I am giving them as a gift for Christmas.
"1st impression once opened the package I was quite underestimate this planner. Wrong!

I love the the cover (smooth texture), paper quality, and content design"
In the beginning they were really good pens! I loved them but my purple tip split in two. Leaving two lines when I write. I think it was because of the cap. If it didn't break in two it would have been a wonderful pen
all the pens work very nicely ^_^ just what i was looking for.
I love all of the colors and how nicely they draw.
"I really like how the pens write and the colors are nice and bright.  I am using them in my new planner, they are perfect for making notes with. I would purchase these again."
"Great to write with, vivant colors, smooth writing. A MUST BUY!"
Very nice set for the price. Vibrant colors.
"Love these pens so easy to write with. I got them for my planner. I have a full work load, and I like to color-code everything."
"I love these pens! I did just finally (had them awhile) try to use my purple pen and the tip was stuck in the cap, but purple's not my favorite and it's my own fault for not checking them all right away. I actually just bought another set for my mom. They write beautifully!"
Bought it and used it for mind mapping. I love it.
I love these pens! No bleed through on my planner or journal. The colors are very similar to their cap. I have not had any problems with smudging. I've already recommended to a couple friends. So pleased with this value.
Very fine points. I do not know if they last as I have only had them for a week but hopefully they do.
they write well and I love the color choices too.
"Super fine tips, which are perfect for me. I have tiny handwriting and I like it that way, and it helps me be really precise and methodical when coloring. They're great!"
"the item was returned, no longer needed. thank you"
I absolutely love how these write!
great fine line pens
Love the colors and the pens do not bleed through the paper in my bullet journal!
"Bleeds through fairly easily, but I love the colors! Good quality."
"these ""pens"" were sold as an idea to use with my EC planner and they not only were thick and medium point to where my writing looked sloppy but touching lightly on the page caused some leak through.  I was terribly dissatisfied and would def NOT recommend them for anything, even coloring."
I love these!!! Im a high school stodent and everyone is always asking me where to get these. My writing and notes look really good thanks to these pens.
great colors and nice thin line.
"Excellent pens! Don't bleed! The tips are the PERFECT combo of soft and firm. I mostly use them to color code my planner. The yellow is a little hard to see, but all the other colors are very rich (yellow is rich, just very very bright)."
I like that they don't bleed through the paper. They write wider then I thought they would but I still like them.  The colors are very pretty.  I will order again and recommend them
I bought these to use in the new planner I just ordered. I like having a variety of colours so I can coordinate entries. The tip is very fine so writing small will not be an issue.
"Why write in black or blue when you could have 10 different colors to scribble with?
The colors are great don't bleed through too much, allowing you to use both sides of the paper for your notes and doodles."
Very nice pens. Delivery was fast. Thank you
super smooth and pigmented and make my notes look amazing.
"All the colors were as expected, no dying or drying! Love using them in my planner!"
"It,s a gift for my daughter inlaw. So, hope she likes it"
I bought these for my brother in law (who is a waiter) and he loves the color. They're affordable and have a good color pay off. They have a fine tip if you need to do precision work with them. Highly recommend!
Rich true colors and ultra fine pens make sketching fun.
Variety of colors - got one set for me and one for a gift.  Great for planners and scrapbooking.
I was looking for something with multiple colors to color code various family member responsibilities and these pens exceeded my expectations.  At the same time I  also ordered a calendar with doodle coloring sheets and the pens were a perfect compliment.
This was purchased as a gift. They appear a little flimsy. Sort of disappointed but will keep.
"As expected.  Nice tips and vibrant colors.  The pen that seems should be a dark blue color seems a little bit indigo on paper, but still very pretty."
"<div id=""video-block-R1S5DSMW0TPVAF"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91wltdJOUNS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71%2BM%2BhHg86S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I love that they don't smudge! Ive bought name brand pens before and they do not work like these do. Love the fine tip. Will definitely be buying again."
"They write so clearly, and I love that they don't bleed through the page. Im a teacher and love to use these for grading papers. "
I use this pens everyday at work now to help me stay organized in a fun way!
Love!!! I reordered more for back up! Better than sharpie pens to write my notes because I hate when the sharpie pens bleed through and these do not.
Great for the price
Great color and write beautifully.  The pens are very thin themselves.
"Great pens, there was s split in one of the pens, but this could have been from my usage. Other than that- they work well"
Orange one came with a chipped tip so it doesn't write smoothly.  the others are all fine.
Great set of color pens!
"I am a sucker for colorful pens. I love using them in my crafts. These are really cool. Very fine tip, great for detailed work. Really vibrant colors. It's a small set, but I find I'm using them frequently. Really smooth, not a lot of drag.  IF they made a larger set of colors I'd probably get them"
Bought these for my daughter to use in her school planner.  She loves them.  Would buy them again.
"I love these pens, beautiful colors and fine point make them ideal for note taking in the margins.  I will definitely recommend them to others!"
"Had to return because they came in a broken package and missing one of the pens. However, they did arrive on time."
I'm very particular about my writing utensils and I love these pens. The colors are bright and they write incredibly smooth. They are my new favorites.
"Good product, came quickly."
"I purchased this as a gift to go along with a life planner. I tested the colors out and they are nice and bright. The tip of the pen is fine, which is great for writing in the planner. I don't have any more feedback other than that. But for the price, Im very happy to be able to gift a cute pen set along with the planner I purchased."
I LOVE these pens. For being as inexpensive as they are I wasn't sure on the quality. Will follow up on how they hold up.
My pen package was obviously opened...and there was 3 missing pens...very unprofessional! I am returning item!
"These pens are great! No bleeding, writes very smoothly in my planner."
"I like the pen set! However, there is a difference from the ones in the photo. The ones that I received don't have their respective color under the cap. You can see it in the pictured attached."
Writes like a charm! Nice ink for letters and drawing!
Love these markers for journaling!
Love these! They don't bleed through and they write perfectly!! Vivid colors!!
"I love these markers/pens for both my planner and detailed coloring books. They work great, the ink doesn't bleed, & the last a long time. The price is great compared to what you would pay at your local craft store."
these are really great pens. The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is because the first day I got them one of them broke.
Great Pen Set.  Purchased as a gift!  Quick delivery
"Nice pen to hold as it is light. Glides well on paper for writing, sketching, filling in forms. Great color selection"
These markers are great !
Missing two pens!
A Christmas gift for our very busy granddaughter.
I love these! Great price and they work great!
This is the 3rd set that i have bought of these.  I got a set first and then proceeded to buy a set for my sister and neice. They write really nice and smooth.
I really like these markers and how thin they are as well as the different colors. Would definitely recommend.
"Love the markers, color is bright, and they are absolutely fine tip."
"Colors are vibrant but the ink is very runny and bleeds. 2 tips came bent. Not the best quality, good for detailed coloring on very heavy paper."
I love these pens!  Ive never seen pens of this quality for this price.
"Prompt delivery. Beautiful, bold colors. Love the fine point for coloring very small spaces."
Most part they are great but dry out pretty quickly.
"Great colors.  We all use them.  Writing, art projects etc"
I love these pens for my planner.
I love these pens and the work great in my Panda Planner and don't bleed through it. I love them!! My boss (COL) even ordered some herself because she liked them. Well worth it!
I bought these to embellish my planner. They are nice bold colors and come in a clear case that is very compact and easy to take along for doodling in my planner. Do not bleed through the paper. My 17 year old daughter wanted a set as well. May buy a couple more for gifts. Great value!
"the pens work well and are highly pigmented. Have not had them very long, so I can't say that I have had any issues with the pens drying out; they arrived as pictured."
cheap but good.
I am very pleased with these pens. They write beautifully and don't bleed. Very happy with my purchase.
Great pens just what I wanted.
These are so precise. I absolutely love them.
"Like the colors, but they have a tendency to bleed through, unless you specifically have thicker quality paper. You also have to make sure you put the cap back on carefully, otherwise you will split the inside, ruined my favorite color pen by putting the cap on too fast."
Good one.
"Good pens, but they bleed quite a bit. Nice bright colors."
Colors are pretty and pens write smooth
"I am surprised at how much I like these.  Thin point, but not hard.  Good color.  Great price.  I feel that I got more than I paid for.  Ink doesnt bleed through the paper either."
These pens write like a dream and the colors are so much fun! I literally use them for everything now!
"These worked out great for me, just ordered another set."
"Great quality, arrived on time and work wonders in my planner."
These are awesome. Super impulse purchase smh. I gotta stop doing that.
Great product. Got delivered on time.
I like them but as soon as I tried to color with the pink pen it didn't work as in the ink has already dried up? How? Not sure... Probably a hit or miss on the contents if they work or not - good luck!
The quality of the pens is really nice and the colors are very pretty.
I was worried because I have bought other marker type pens from Amazon and they dried out quickly. These have not. These pens are great.
Doesn't bleed through. Perfect for writing in agenda or calander in small places.
"The super fine tip is perfect. They do bleed through paper a bit, but not so much that it's super bothersome. The colors are rich and vibrant."
I use them with my planner and they work great! Gorgeous colors. They write very smoothly. The case they come in is nice and has held up to 2 months of holding the pens in a storage flap area of my Planner. Nice bonus. Highly suggest these
works great only probem is sometimes the tips split so it writes with 2 lines instead of one
Love this product the pens worked really good and smooth
WE LOVE THESE PENS. Smooth and great colors with little to no bleed. Very comfy to write with and transport. GET THEM.
I love this pens! I bought them to go with my new 2018 planner. They almost feel like writing with a fine tipped sharpee but slightly smoother. They don't bleed through the pages and the colors are pretty vibrant!
"These mark my Bible without going through to the other side.  Many pens advertise that, but don't deliver.  The colors are very nice.  Nothing bad to say about them!"
These are great colors and they work well.
"These pens write sharp and clear. There was little to no bleed-through on normal paper. They are very thin, so if you have grip problems that is something to be aware of here"
"These pens split after only a couple uses. They also bled through the paper and left a blotchy line, unlike advertised. Now, I can't return them or even get my money back.  Would not recommend."
"Fast shipping, good product and price. I used them for taking notes during classes. I love them."
Love the color and how they write. Great pens!
The pens were shipped right away and work wonderfully!
These pens are perfect for a.bullet journal. It is also nice and thin.
These are very pastel and hard to see
This is a must buy I love these pens!!
Could be better
great product
"Omg. Pens are awesome! Slick, thin and so cool looking. Im def. ordering more! Thank you for the quality and quantity"
Love using these with my daily planner! Great pens!
Exactly what I wanted.
These are so smooth! The colors are vibrant and easy to see. I love these pens! They are an awesome deal.
I absolutely love them!
I absolutely love these pens. I liked them so much I bought an extra set for work. Perfect to pair with my new 2018 planner!! A definite must buy!
These pen met my expectations fully!  I purchased them to write in my planner and journals. I will find a lot of use for these pens. Nice quality!
I bought these to use in my Happy Planner and they work GREAT! They don't bleed through the paper. You cant see it through the planner paper either. So far Im very pleased!
These pens were not too wet or to dry. They write  writes very smooth and they are light weight.
Love these pens!
Super Quality!!! Nice
"Great for a mom on the go or a student writing notes! I love these pens and use them almost everyday, whether it is writing important dates in my planner or a grocery list. These pens are amazing, the only back draw is they bleed a tad through certain papers. Other than that these are amazing and way cheaper than sharpie pens!"
These are my favorite pens
Nice pens and exactly as advertised.  I love the different colors and the very sharp points. I use them for everything and especially writing on my calendars.
Perfect
"These are ok--they are more like thin markers than pens, I was wanting something similar to a micron pen but the ink isn't the same."
"I love the very fine tip, and it does not bleed through paper as much as similar pens.  Perfect for journals."
"First time buying those pens and I love them
I use them for my canlendar"
"These markers are wonderful.  Nice colors and easy to write with!
love them"
Love them!
"Great little pens, pleasing size and shape, cap can snap onto end of pen when using, nice ink and color.  Not sure how long they'll last, but they are great quality for the price!"
These are a great product and they are great for when you want something fine to write with.
very nice pen set.
"Colors are pretty, but they do tend to bleed through so keep this in mind when purchasing."
Too much bleed through and not as thin as assumed considering the .4mm.  Ended up purchasing the sharpie pens anyways.
"Nice point, but bleed through."
"Several of my markers arrived split and as I've been using them for a few days, more have split. It's really annoying"
Love these pens. Very comfortable to write with. I use them for journaling.
"I use these pens to outline and color-code different things in my physical planner, and they're perfect much better than highlighters, which is what I used previously. They don't bleed through and are fine enough to write but still show vibrant colors."
I use these for class and they are great. No smear and no bleeding
"Love love. They write so well, the fine tips have not gotten dull."
Loved them!
Loves these pens they are perfect!
Great pens. Ultra fine tip that have held up well to a lot of use so far.
They DO bleed
just as described came very quickly they are great
"These pens are great for what I need them to do. I used them to color code and chart events on a calendar. They are perfect for that. They don't bleed through either.  These would be great for art projects too. However, they are a bit thin on the grip."
Perfect for notes and planners.
"Vibrant colors, not runny, 3 exploded in a total of buying 3 packs but I did have them out of the case and really roughed them up in my backpack."
Gorgeous colors and nice pens.
The pens are gorgeous looking. The pens are alright.
Great for writing tiny notes. The yellow is hard to see.
Very nice
They don't smear and the colors are vibrant with the perfect fine point to get my tiny handwriting on my notes. They're lightweight and easy to carry around
I love these pens/markers! I prefer fine point pen and these write very clear and bright. I'm researching my  family genealogy and use a different color for each branch (generation) of the tree. Plan on getting more for my scrapbooking supplies.
THESE PENS ROCK
love
"Bright, juicy, delicious, haven't had for long, so can't say about longevity, but definitely a great value"
"They are perfect for an agenda, precise and colorful. If you're going to buy an agenda or write notes, you need to have these"
Best. Pens. EVER!!!
Got these pens and loved the way they wrote.  I was a little disappointed that a couple of the colors are so close that on paper they look almost the same.  Will see how long they actually last.
Both my grandchildren and I love the pins.
I love these pens! They have a really fine point and the color is really great.
"Love these fine tip pens; I use them for our family calendar.  They do not bleed through, but are rich in color."
"I bought these for my daughter to use in her planner.  She really likes them. The problem she has found after a few weeks of use, however, is that some of the tips are splitting!"
BEST. i love thin pens and these add some color to my notebooks. I will buy these again
I received these markers in a timely fashion and they were a great price.  They are quality thus far.  I have not used them much but they seem to be very effective!
Pens write smooth. Love the variety of colors.
Great pens!
"Excellent, great colors. High quality"
"Very nice pens with a good selection of colours.  Perfect for my ""Adult colouring"" passion."
Quality markers that are easy to use
these pens are life  i use them for my planner and they are perfect
"The pens are very nice overall but after the second day of using them, the black pen tip split in half and now writes very sloppily. I am very upset"
Im a happy customer! Great pens.
love these pens
Pens write great and the colors are vibrant!
I use these pens for my notes. I LOVE them so far. Thank you!
Smooth transaction and fast delivery. I use these all the time and they work beautifully.
Love these pens! Perfect for many uses.
Nice color and smooth writing
"I love these pens! They are perfect for all your scrap booking, journal and planner needs. I plan on gifting a set to a friend! They write smooth and the ink distribution is perfect. They could be used for detailed coloring books too. The tip is fine and smooth."
There's a defect in the cap I think. If you don't put the cap in carefully it hits a ridge on the inside and damages the tip. Otherwise they work fine.
"Writes great, no blobs, smooth, and no disruptions. Pretty colours too!"
"These pens are wonderful! They do not run through paper. They write very smoothly. I like them so much, that I bought them for some friends and some other teachers that I know."
Pens are fantastic!  They write beautifully!
Good quality . with it being fine im able to write alot of notes in a small area.
This pens are my favorite they are good to draw with and they are really good pens
exactly what I expected and needed
Great pens perfect for work. Very pleased.
I love it!!!!
I love these pens works great for my monthly planner!!
"Vibrant colors, ink flows smoothly, fun to write with."
"Great set to write ur journal, calendar and its smooth when u write."
"I love these pencils! Beautiful colors, draw smoothly and with real fine lines. Theyre my favorites and Ill definitely buy them again. Excellent quality."
"Good color payoff, arrived quickly, good color selection."
Excellent pens.  Great value for the price.  There is no running with them.  I am very happy.
Loved these markers/pens - they were exactly what I wanted - write great - perfect fine line marker/pen - and the price was great too!!
Love these!
Beautiful fine line colored pens.
Nice pens to write in appointments. All work nicely and the colors are true.
"The colors are bright and pretty and it doesn't seem to bleed on the paper that I am using, which I like."
Love them.  My favorite pens
I am an avid journal monger lol and I am picky about my pens! These were ok and smooth writing but heavens forbid if you forget to cap them (I have toddlers) they dry out with no avail! I still like this product though and the ink colors are vibrant
"Love the pens!  Beautiful colors, nice lines and grips well."
GR8 PENS !!! would buy again :)
"Great quality, nice colors."
Good value for the price
"Beautiful crayons,nice colors."
Nice writing and fine tip for drawing
"Small, light and easy to use by my elementary school kids. Perfect for carrying in purse for a quick calendar color note. The price was fair."
"These write nicely, but they're more like a Sharpie pen (better quality, though) than a real pen. I love them but can't use them for my planner (which is why I bought them) since they bleed through thin paper. I won't be returning since I love them so much, but just know that they bleed. Colors are beautiful and really show up on the page!"
Really nice marker pens. Writes and colors really nicely.
"They draw well, but still bleed through paper. I purchased them for my planner, but am unable to use them for it. Just more pens for my collection."
"These pens are amazing, especially for the price - vivid color and very fine tip."
"Write well, a little too thin but they are smooth"
would buy again. recommended
I love the fine line drawing pen set I got and use it for my artistic needs. The fine line makes it so easy to make the precise lines that I want. I am very satisfied with the set.
I love these pens!  I use them as regular writing pens because their color 'POPS'!
I love using these pens!
These are great pens. Just as youd expect.  Very vibrant with a nice fine point.
I love these markers! I bought them to use in my planner. The colors are awesome and they write very well.
Great colors! Super fine tip! Only downside is they do bleed through the page.
"My favorite pens, and I have so many brands.  The fine tip is nice for precision and glides so easily across paper.  Definitely recommend."
"I love these pens! Great pigment, smooth writing, great price :)"
Love em.  They work great and are very fine tipped so I can write any size I want or draw in nice details.
They write so fine and I love using them!!!
"Nice pens, good colors, write well"
I bought these for work and really like the way they write. Very smooth and the colors are bright.
Amazing pens for the price. They work really well and write smoothly. Would definitely purchase again.
Great for fine lines for any work.
Love these pens! They write smoothly and don't bleed through.
"Love the colors! They do bleed through normal paper, but they are vibrant so I accept the trade off. The main problem I have is that a lot of the tips split really quickly. They're still usable but they get a little annoying if you don't hold them right. They're nice and last a good bit though!"
"I love the pens. Colors are strong and writes well. The red pen pointer split in half for some reason... I don't believe I put too much pressure on it because all others are fine... I can't prove but maybe it came that way from the seller.
In any case, they are still good pens. Maybe check all pointers when you receive them."
I loved them. The colors are gorgeous. They work perfect. They work perfect for notes so that certain vocabulary or equations stand out. But they do bleed through a little so you cant write on the back of the paper.
Love these pens. They don't bleed through the pages of my calendar or journal yet have bright marker like color. Ordered two more sets for friends!
Works nicely would purchase again
These pens are great for the price! I use them for my calendar :)
Very smooth pens. I use them for making different highlights in my notebook... loving all of them and their colors.
Writes really well and the packaging is great.
These pens are honestly some of the best I have ever used. What I really like is that there is a constant flow and no skipping whatsoever. The downside is if you do trace what you already wrote it will bleed through the paper not much but noticeable. Other than that these pens are great.
Perfect for my school planner!
Love these for keeping myself organized on my calendar!  Great colors.
"I bought these just to add on to my order so I can get free shipping, they looked nice enough and had a good enough rating and for the price they are ok. I read the reviews after my purchase, and was sooo scared lol. But had them for about a week now and they are great. I am afraid to write hard or lend them out lol just incase they write hard (because of the reviews) but I do like all the colors and how they write, so far no splitting. I have to admit I do love how slender they are they feel real great in my hands but my son who has bigger hands think they are to thin. I do hear a ""scratching"" sound sometimes when writing with them but hey for the price they will do. I would recommend them and some of my friends even liked them so all in all a good purchase."
Love these pens.  Great colors
"Great color saturation and writes very smoothly, great for use in bullet journaling and planner organization!"
Great set of small easy-to-carry-with-you pens.
These are perfect! Very smooth and an easy gliding pen. I use them for taking notes and writing vs drawing and they are great for notes too!
"As a college student, you take many notes. So that is how I utilize these pens. These pens are fine tipped, which I believe make my notes look clean. Additionally, there is a good amount of color to choose from in this one package. So at times, I also use these pens to make cards for friends. Overall I would recommend this product to people who like to take notes in colors or just enjoy using colored pens."
I took these to work and everyone borrows them! They are the perfect size and make taking notes fun. So far none of them have run out of color and I love the way they look on paper. They only bleed through if you press down hard when writing.
"Fine point, great colors. Very vibrant. Great for adult coloring book type coloring."
It is not very beautiful however it was very helpful !
"AMAZING Pens! I've had these pens for about 3-4 months now, and I always use them on a daily, and still, they have not run out of ink, which amazes me. They're super thin, which helps me a lot with my planner! Thank you!"
These pens are wonderful! They don't usually bleed through paper and the colors are very vibrant. I have been using them nearly every day since the end of August and they haven't let me down yet! Great for taking notes and drawing diagrams. The fine tip makes it easy to both write and draw. Will definitely be buying again when the time comes.
Youll love them
Love these pens and the price is great.
These pens are great for color coding your planner or notes! Good quality and doesn't bleed through papers. The dark blue and the purple are very similar but it doesn't cause it to be less worth it - it is just something to keep in mind when color coding it can be difficult to tell if you just glance at it
I loved them at first. However they didn't last very long as the tips began to split and now don't work. Ive had them for about a month.
"These are great! I use them daily. Smooth, fine tip with brilliant color."
"I really like good pens that write well. I wasn't to excited about these but I was pleasently surprised. They write smooth and don't leak, smear (I am a lefty), or blot. They are skinny so you can see where the tip when drawing. These pens are great for art and whatever else you want. You can put the lid on the bottom of the pen. The lid, bottom of the pen, and just below the lid on the pen all matches the ink color so it's not difficult to tell what color you have."
I adore these pens!!
What a lovely package of pens.  I'm giving these as a gift and they are beautiful.
"Love these so much - why did I wait so long to buy? The pink one dried out, but all the rest are great for journaling! Price point great!"
Great quality for a great price! will buy again
I love how these write! I got them for my planner not to draw. The only thing I don't like is the blue and purple are pretty much the same color.
Bright and smooth
Great for my planner/agenda. As described. Would recommend for sure. Does not bleed through to next page.
Great set of pens. Will definitely re-order.
Love them! Even got a friend to order them I raved about them so much!
Smooth writing but colors are darker than the caps portray (not vibrant)
Love that pens! They are my absolute favorite. They don't bleede. They are very fine
Love these!
Really enjoy these fine-lined pens.  Would buy them again.
Great pens for journaling and planners.
Great markers!
My pens for journaling
Writes very fine lines 
"When they say fine tip, they mean it! These are extremely precise and Ive already become rather fond of them."
"Great colors. For the price, they are lasting longer than expected. The colors do bleed through a little bit with my Leuchtturm1917 but not enough to stop me from using them. Great for doodling with or making decorative headers."
Great!
These right great. There just what I needed to make study guides for nursing school.
"Good pens. Fine lines. Great colors. They do bleed a little through the page and the ones I use often have run out maybe faster than I would like. But for the money, I don't know that there's a better option."
"These make taking notes fun! I use these pens everyday and they bleed through notebook paper a little bit, but I do not mind."
These are gorgeous!
"I'm kind of picky about pens and these were a good buy. The color of each pen is bold. I read some reviews that they might leak through pages but to my happy surprise, they don't..unless you hold the pen in one place for too long then obviously any felt tip pen would leak through the paper a little."
"Nice colors, but the tip was thicker than I would have liked."
Absolutely reordering these when they run out. The colors are vivid and the tip it super durable! I am a stickler for fine tip pens and hate when they start to fray or lose their stiffness. These have not and I use them every day.
very nice colored pen/pencil set
"I liked the pens initially. For note-taking, they compared favorably with more expensive pens.  After about a month of moderate use, though, the tip of the black pen split on me.  A couple of weeks later, the tip of the blue split.  They still write, but they produce an ugly double line and have a strange feel.  I can force the tips back together temporarily, but that doesn't last very long.  I don't write with particularly hard pressure and I've never had this problem before with similar pens.  I wouldn't buy these again, even at this price point.  I ended up eating the cost difference and went back to my trusty Microns."
These are great. High quality. Vibrant color.
Excellent markers. I use them for journaling. They do not bleed through.
"I've had them for a few weeks now and use them to write in my journals, the colors hold up super well! I'd say they're even better than Faber Castell!"
Love the colors and the fine writing but after some use the tips begin to split.
crap
Love em.
Love these pens!!!! They write nicely and are comfortable to use.
Colors don't match what us on the caps.
"Use them for drawing complex diagrams, they are great."
"I can't say enough about what an excellent product this is. Love, love, love these colors."
Love these pens. I use them for my Erin Condren planner. I don't use them for drawing or coloring but I can attest they do have a habit to bleed.
These are great. They don't bleed and they look really cute. Love them!
I use these for nursing school notes! My favorite pens!!!
I'm always on the search for colorful marker pens that don't bleed! Love these & highly recommend them!
Great pens!  I use them in my daily journals.  Great accurate writing utensil.
"A ""friend"" lost one of the caps. So I decided to use it until its life was over. That pen is still working! I don't understand this witchcraft but ill keep using the aqua pen, day after day until its finally dried of life. Aqua is a brave and tough little soldier who sets a great example of the type of valor you hope all your pens will have!"
I love these fine pointed pens! The colors are great. I use these pens to write in my planner. Ive used them a few times already and they have worked well.
great for my planner
Good pens. Have lasted well.
These work great and the price is awesome. Perfect for using in planners and journals.
"Bought these for my daughter - off to school, so won't know how they work.  Price great!"
"I am enjoying my pen set. I use these for my organization in my planner. The threads of the red tip separated a little so the red pen is not quite as fine lined as it should be, but it still works if you hold the pen just right. Received on time. Despite the red pen's tip separating some, I still love my set and will be getting more. The ink does goes through finer paper so I recommend using these only on thicker papers."
"I am always on the search for good quality fine tip pens. These fit the bill exactly. The colors are vibrant, they write smoothly, and they don't bleed through my planner paper (I use The Happy Planner brand if that helps anyone.) After reading the other reviews I'm careful when putting the lid back on so that I don't accidentally split the tip but honestly it's very easy to avoid. All in all I'm very happy with these pens!"
these are great! i love the felt tip and it helps when you have to write really small.
"I love, love these pens!!!"
"These are my favorite pens in the whole world. I wish the yellow wasn't quite SO bright, because I end up not using that one because I can't really see the letters that I write. But aside from that, I LOVEloveLOVE them!"
"I really love these for note taking, but I have 2 complaints.

1. The dark blue is basically the same color as purple. Theyre just slightly different, but if you are taking notes with them or using them to color code your notes, they look exactly the same.

2. If you put the cap into the pen at an angle, it splits the tip permanently and it breaks. I've stupidly done that to both my red and pink so everything looks bold or double lined.

I took a pic, the blue scribbles is on the left and the purple on the right. I also drew with my broken split red pen, and then with the good light blue for comparison. So the red isn't totally unusable, but it's definitely not as good as the light blue shape because it's so bold. It gets a little unreadable if you write too small."
Very happy
Love the way they write.  The colors are so vibrant and they don't bleed through.
"Love these for organizing notes at work, they write so smoothly and the colors are pretty!"
"best set of pens I've ever purchased! I love that they're a fine tip pen/ marker almost like the Sharpie pens but these are way better! you get a great assortment of colors for less than $6 whereas the Sharpie pens you normally get a pack of 5 for $6. Also, these don't bleed thru like the Sharpie pens do. A bunch of my classmates love these pens and can't wait to buy some! 10/10 would recommend!"
My boyfriend bought me these and I love them! The colors are great... the pens are super fine so it works out great with writing in my day planner... I am a fan and have ordered another set to keep as back up.
"I really like these pens, but the tips split. I have had two packages and they both have done the same thing in a short period of time.  I like the colors and the way it writes.  I just wish the quality was a bit better so I can use them.  I have tried to work around the split tips, but I end up with a double line instead. Is there a chance there is a bad batch?"
"Yellow is very hard to read on white paper and the pink one broke
: ("
For drawing I think these pens work well.  I would not use them to color.  A little too fine for that.  The colors are nice and the quality seems good.
I love these so much I bought two more for my kids and their planners for school!!! Bold colors and nice fine tips!!!!!!
LOVE THEM!!
Break quickly and easily on the tips.
"I LOVE these pens! They come in different colors and I use them all the time. I have used them on regular notebook paper and very thin planner paper without any bleeding through. Yes, I could see the color on the opposite side of the planner paper but its fine."
Some of the best pens ive owned
Great pen/markers they don't bleed through stuff which is great!
Fun for doodling at meetings. Be careful though because theyll bleed through paper.
Product as described
They are ok. The tip of the pens go out easy.... 
Item as described. Fast shipping.
A+
A fav for bullet journaling.
Love them! They are great and are such a great price. I'm really happy to have bought them. I haven't experienced any problems with them. They write beautifully and such great colors.
"Theyre softer than I thought they would be, not sturdy and hard like the tip of a sharpie pen, and also not as thin as a sharpie pen. The colors are light and pretty, but the tips aren't what I was expecting."
"Thicker point than I expected, but I'll get used to it.  Love having the color variety."
"Did not see, a donation for school kids, assume they are nice and useful."
"I love, love, love these pens.  They write so smoothly and have great color.  They feel really nice in my hand as well."
Even though I was missing one pen on delivery (which Amazon corrected swiftly) I love these pens.  The do not leak or smudge; they write evenly and are vibrant.  I will be getting these again.
I bought these to add a little color to my notes but I guess I should have read the description a little closer. They bleed through notebook pages making it hard to take notes on the other side of the paper. Great for drawing though
These were great. Not life changing but a very good pen
"Nice markers, but they are definitely not .4mm. There's absolutely no way. I included a picture that compares these pens to other pens of similar tips. The .3 is a Pentel Arts Hybrid Technica .3mm from Pentel, the .7 is a Lamy Rollerball, and the .38 is a Pilot G-2. Like I said, these are definitely not .4mm markers. They are probably closer to between .5 and .7. I was disappointed by that because I needed a true fine tip marker for writing in a tiny notebook. Also, the navy blue is purple...

UPDATE: Several days after this review posted to Amazon I was contacted by the company and offered a full refund in exchange for taking down my negative review. That explains why these pens are rated so highly. Additionally, the yellow pen has started to leak."
"Love these, very Fine tips for writing,  nice bold colors work like markers rather than pens, but maintains nice fine tip"
Very nice quality pens
Love this pen set--ordering a second set.
These do not create fine lines!  They're much more of a medium.  Not for writing letters / correspondence as I had hoped.
Love them but they bleed through the paper
Vibrate colors. Write very well and don't bleed. I love the extra fine tip.
"Really love the colors, is very smooth. Unfortunately, multiple pens have leaked the ink all over. I thought when it happened with the first that I had just gotten a bad one and kept using the others, but a few more leaked too."
I love these pens; they are great for my planner. They can bleed through if you press too hard.
They write/ draw great
I am a pen picky person.  Any pen I use must have a particular flow and feel.... THESE ARE GREAT!
So far so good - they write very smooth and are vibrant. I love the calendar that was recommended with it as well.
love them
Just got these and are using to color coordinate our family calendar. So far so good.  Pens write well.
Great for my bullet journal
"Gorgeous colors, but the felt tips of these pens split quickly after light use."
I love the pens. They are bright and write really smooth. I thought it would be a lot bigger but the size is actually perfect. I have been using them for Spanish and hopefully use them for the book I have to read for English
"Writes great! The colors are so vivid! However, I tend to write hard, and I have forced myself to write lighter because I am a little afraid that I will push too hard and break the pens. They are good quality pens!"
These pens arrived on time and are exactly as described.  They are very thin a perfect for writing in my daily agenda.  I would highly recommend these colorful pens to anyone looking to add color to their life.
I use them for my planner they work and write super well!
These are really nice pens and are great for my planner.  They do bleed through a little so you can't fill in with them.
I am really enjoying my color pens! They have such pretty colors and write smooth! I love the tips they are fine and color well! I use them for coloring and writing color code in my planer.
The colors are not bad but it bleeds through the paper. Doesn't work for my planner.
Write pretty good... it don't bleeding onto the next page
Exactly as described! Very pleased.
Writes beautifully. Thinnest marker ever used. Minimal bleeding through the paper.
LOVE these pens! Would definitely by again.
I just love it !
"They work really good, and the best part is that the ink does not go thru the pages :D"
I was weary on ordering because I saw some pens coming in with the tip bent but mine were perfect and I'm very happy!!!
Great!
Love these! They are more like fine tip markers than pens though. Work great for color-coding my planner.
Great value!
love them!
really nice pens
Seriously love these. Everyone always ask where I got them. I like them alot more than colored pens.
It arrived early and it worked very well
Awesome for note taking
Great product!
"These pens work Great! I've only had some ""bleeding with a couple of the pens but other than that they're bright and clean when using them."
Thin and easy to write with. Does not smudge or smear through a paper.
I like fine markers and these are great.
Very nice. Made it easier to make little small notes. They don't bleed and their splendor bodies make it easy to hold
"Nice quality, great ink saturation."
PERFECT markers/pens for my planner and coloring pages!
"LOVE these pens! Perfect for writing in my planner, Bible, and journal. Beautiful colors, great size, and convenient case. The colors don't bleed through even on thin paper. I already bought 2 sets of these and will probably buy more. Cant beat the quality and definitely cant beat the price!!! Must have for anyone who journals or uses a planner frequently."
"These pens are a blast to use. I like to color code my notes, so it makes it easier for me to find things in my notebook. However, they do slightly bleed depending on the paper that you use - if it is a thinner piece of paper, it will bleed through to the other side...however if it is a thicker piece of paper, like drawing paper, they will not."
Good
Great colors and writes really well. The ink flow is nice.
"very vibrant, pretty colors."
"Love, love these pens!"
As a teacher I love a good pen! I'm interested to see how they last.
"Nice, and fine time. The revery slim, so holding the and writing a lot tends hurt and cramp my hand."
"I bought them to color code my organizer!  Very fine tips, don't bleed and the colors are fun and bright!  I may have to order another pack for when I wear them out!"
Great pens will buy again
Amazing pens! They write very smoothly and the colors are very true to the packaging. Very happy with my purchase.
Great set of pens to go with my colorful desk calendar
They are really nice. They write very smoothly and colors are vibrant.
awesome quality very useful
Colors are bright and vivid while the oen itself writes smoothly without bleeding. Great pens!
"Beautiful colors that for the most part don't smear or bleed through, but the tips split easily. One split the first day I used it, another split a couple weeks later. I now need to buy another pack from a different brand since I need several uniform pens in different colors. Too bad they have no durability.

The pics show close ups of the tips of the dark blue (badly split) and the light blue (starting to split). You can see the thicker and doubled lines the split tips draw compared to the still intact purple tip. Also you may want to note the similarity between the purple and dark blue colors. Not easy to differentiate between the two colors at a glance. Sending this defective product back."
I LOVE FINE POINT PENS AND THESE FIT THE BILL. NICE COLORS. I DON'T USE FOR NOTEBOOK PAPER SO NOT SURE HOW WELL THEY DO THERE BUT GREAT FOR FINE LINE DRAWINGS. I USE MOSTLY FOR SKETCHING IDEAS FOR QUILTS
works well
Very fine line which is what I wanted. Colors are bright and so far are holding up well. Price also good
So many beautiful colors and smooth to write with!
"The pens are as shown and very nice quality.  I had hoped that these would be a cheaper alternative to the Staedtler Fineliners, but these bleed through the paper of my notebook and stain the page below.  They're great for writing on notecards and cardstock, but for color-coding my notes, they don't quite make the grade!"
Great value!
Great quality and  quantity for the price.
My daughter loves these!
Great product! Best color pens I own
Love these pens for my family calendar
They were just as advertised! I've used them everyday since I received them!
Love the colors love the way they write and I use them to color. Great deal!!
I did not buy these for drawing.  Instead I use them in my planner.  The fine line and assorted colors makes it easy to get organized.
I love these pens! They don't bleed and are holding up really well. The colors are vibrant.
"Awesome, smooth pens. True colors & fin to use."
Love these fineliner pens!  They are very similar to another brand that is much more expensive then these.
"Con:  the colors aren't as pigmented as I'd hoped; they're lighter in hue.

Pros:  barely bleeds, doesn't smear, doesn't ""catch"" on scratchy paper, smooth, fragrance-free, portable.

Just buy a pack or 3, man."
"For a pen freak, these are the best color pens I have used."
Awesome Pens!!!
"These are so good! To me, they perform closely to STABILO fineliners. All of the pens work well and write smoothly... I've been using the black one all day for about two solid weeks and it's holding up really nicely. I love how thin they are and for the price they're an absolute steal. The ink dries down quickly as well so if you're a lefty, try these out!"
Great pen for the value!
Great pens and color variety for almost nothing compared to competition!
I really like these pens... I use these on my planner.
These are so fun! Love em
"In love!! I'm obsessed they have the finest tips, very precise!"
"This is exactly the pens that I have been looking!!!  There are many different colors for me to draw in my planner , it does not bleed on the other pages .  I use them to write in my journal . I love them"
Pens work nicely and colors are great!
"They were just what I was looking for, fine line pen with colorful ink. Very happy with my purchase"
Really fine and great colors...
"I love this product so I had to buy it again, however on my third order one of the pens have inked out a tad. I have no problem of it inking out cause these pens are PACKED with ink. I doesn't ink out when writing, either! These pens are perfect for school notes and bullet journals as well. I would highly recommend due to of a reasonable price for the great quality it provides"
"Great pens, they write with great accuracy and over all are great pens for everyday use."
"Nice colors and very fine tipped. However, my green marker was split a little bit."
Works amazing for people who are very planning type of people!
Great quality
So far so good. It could be better if it had a stronger head
"These are more a marker then a pen, bleeds through the paper. But I love the colours!!"
"So I've been using these pens in my planner and I love them. They don't bleed through the pages as long as you aren't overlapping your ink too much, and they are just perfect for color coding my different tasks thought the day"
Amazing!!!! They work perfectly and just what I was looking for.
Love them bought them twice
"Fine felt tip, great flow of ink. Solid lines and gorgeous color."
"Absolutely enjoy writing with these pen.... they write beautifully, no running, no seep through on paper."
"very good product, enjoy using them!"
"My biggest vice is office supplies, especially pens.
I am always in search of a pen that I absolute love, I LOVE THIS PEN.

Not only do I use it for sketching, but also for my day-to-day writing."
Super thin and brightly pigmented! I love the case they come in. It makes it suoer easy to carry around and put them in my bag. Great pens! They bleed slightly but overall great! I get compliments on how nice thet write and the sophisticated look of them.
nice pens. I use them in my planner. I use a different color for each family member.
The ink is bright and readable. The reason for three stars is because the tips on a couple of them have split so they write double lines.
"I have always been a papers flair fan, these pens are without a doubt my absolute favorite from now on! they feel better, write even smoother, thinner lines. They don't bleed at all, I love them. I even love the packaging, I've kept them right where they came"
love how smooth the pens write and having the colors to choose from.  Makes me feel like a kid again
Can't find a reason not to like these
These pens are perfect to use with my Panda Planner.
"I am a pen fiend and am always looking to add to my collection. I saw these pens on a BuzzFeed article and decided to give it a try. They are very fine which I love. The one downside is that they do bleed through thin paper and if you are someone who presses down while writing, you may ruin the tip faster. Overall, a great deal!"
These were fantastic I just wish they fit into the heart shaped holes in the rings of my happy planner. Like the pen that came with my planner. The pens would just need to be slightly narrower to fit. But they write beautifully!
"Nice, vibrant color. Clean lining, doesn't appear to bleed or smear. Very pleased with the purchase!"
I love the feel of these pens. They write extremely well and are easy in the hand. Feels great to write with.
Absolutely love might have liked them a tad bit skinnier
The colors are vibrant and the pens are easy to use.  I got them to keep my planner organized (everything I do is color coded).  Will buy these time and time again.
"These pens write beautifully, love the color selection.  Better than expected."
Very vibrant colors!
"Colors are pretty good, haven't run out of ink after a semester of schoolwork."
Tried then out right away. Three colours dried out within moments. Save your money.
"These are really nice actually, the girth is thin but they're so colorful. They bleed a bit though the paper, other than that they're perfect!"
nice fine tip good for detail work
I am big on planning. This makes my organizing an ease. Came at expected time. Would definitely order again.
"LOVE these pens to use in my planner. Helps me keep everything separate and organized and FUN.  Great for journaling, calendars, or adult coloring."
Just as I expected
The colors were awesome and ink smoothed onto paper with ease.  Colors are vibrant and rich.
Awesome for color coding. Super easy to write with.
"Love these! Such pretty colors, great to write with!"
Was everything I expected and more. They write so smooth and don't smear. I would recommend them to anyone who likes fine point pens.
These pens work well for me. I am using them as part of my journaling process. Thank you.
"Came on time, works as described."
They glide smoothly and the colors are beautiful absolutely love them...
"Nice fine lines, writes smoothly, and doesn't bleed on the paper."
They are indeed a fine liner set of pens.
Better than I had originally thought.
They write well. They have nice colors. I use them for notes in class.
"I bought these pens for the sole purpose of taking notes. Many reviewers mentioned that these pens DO NOT bleed through the paper. Well, I'm not sure whether I received the same pens, but the ones I bought DID bleed through the paper.  I print my class readings, and the marks left by these markers distorted the back or next page. Disappointed in these markers."
LOVE THESE PENS! THEY ARE SO SMOOTH!!
"Smooth, color rich lines, good hand feel. Thicker lines than sharpie pens but that's just fine with me."
I bought these to take notes for college and they are wonderful! super clean lines that don't blur or bleed through the paper and they are helping make my notes easier to review.
These are amazing
"I was suspicious of these pens when I saw they were only $6 for a 10-pen set, but these work perfectly and have a great hue. I used them for an art project but they're really for color-coordinating my schedule (which they do brilliantly.)"
I use these pens to organize my planner(s) by class and work so its easy to find. They are very precise and are really easy to write with!
"I really feel compelled to write a review for these based off their price and quality. They are thin pens with brilliantly colored ink and super fine lines, great for journaling and what not. What a great bang for your buck!"
"They are as I expected really fine tip and the colors are bright, which is what I wanted of this and they're good for note taking and highlighting. Great Product."
"These pens are great!
I've been looking for fine color gel pens to write on my planner for a while. These are perfect, super fine, easy to write and they don't bleed over to the next page."
Excellent! I purchased these pens for note taking. So far the quality is great and the price is unbeatable...
"I use these to take notes, and color. They are so smooth and fine. I 100% percent recommend them to anybody looking for pens to take notes."
Pleasantly surprised with these pens!  They work great and the colors look just like the photo.  Great value.
The pens where complete and work great.
Only received 5 of the 10 pens. Those I did receive were good quality and wrote well though. Giving 3 stars due to quality and quick refund.
Perfect.  Just what I needed for my college student.
"Perfect for my planner.. Fine point, vivid colors, compact size. Great price. Favorite pens now!"
"I love these pens! I use them to write in my planner. They're slender, the cap fits nice and secure, they write well, colors are vibrant, and I haven't seen any sign if the ink drying up or running out yet."
I love the fine point.  I can write on my pocket calendar and be able to read it.
Work great
"Great quality, extremely helpful to color code your notes especially for college!"
"I love these pens so much. I use them to colorcode my notes and my planner. I also use them to make my master syllabus at the beginning of each semester. They're great for staying organized and come in their own plastic pouch to keep them in.

---Side-note: the green pen is just a regular green as opposed to the light green seen in the picture. The green pen actually gave me a small problem: the very first day I used it on my calendar, it seemed to run out immediately after it's first use. I assumed it was the material of the calendar but the rest worked perfectly fine on it so? Anyways I tried again about twenty minutes later on regular paper and it worked fine. So the portion of this review isn't really a complain. It's more of a suggestion that if it seems like your pen is drying out (especially early on) just continue to try writing with it on regular paper."
These pens help me keep my busy life organized
"Very pigmented, fine, and easy to write with pens. Love how they feel in my hands, and have a soft-touch type packaging. Would purchase again!"
I love to color with these markers
Beautiful pens that everyone loves
Love the product! it works great.
Love them!
"I love the colors, they are very vibrant!"
"Not too inky, so doesn't bleed through a piece of paper.  Also colors are really vibrant."
Fantastic product! Love the colors and they write Great!
I absolutely love these pens!
"Nice pens, nice caps, nice colors!"
"I love these pens! They are super nice and don't bleed through on most papers. If the paper is really thin you will get some bleeding, but in my notebooks from like 5 star they work fine. They're very fine tip but not too small. I haven't had any problems so far and really would recommend these!"
Excellent service.  Great pens
"Perfect for small tasks, like writing in a calendar or day planner! Brilliant color."
"Love the variety of color, works wonderful for my planner. The fine tip makes easy to add notes in smaller spaces. Only have to take note of bleeding, it's not that bad but it would  e a problem on thinner paper if you want to use both sides. Works for what I wanted them for."
absolutely satisfied with my purchase. I use these pens to color code my notes and they work wonders. best part is they don't bleed through paper.
I bought these pens because I thought it would make cursive practice more fun for my 12-year old home schooled daughter. So far she loves these. The colors are bright and come out so smooth.
"Great pens,nice fine tip and awesome colors!! no bleed through on my papers!"
I glad that I purchased these there just what I wanted
"Writes beautifully and smoothly, and colors appear as seen in the image. Fantastic value for the price."
Great pens with great color selection.
Perfect pens for use in my planner.  Does not bleed through pages and allows me to color code my activities.
Works well!
Great to use on my Leuchtturn1917 dotted journal.  Nice colours.
I love these pens/markers! they are so incredibly fine which is wonderful for note taking! I bought two packs one for me and one for my mom! we both love pens and stationary. These are so great for such a decent price! ya'll should buy them :)
These are some of the best pens I've ever used!  I will definitely purchase again!
"I really love these pens, I've had them since June and I've been in summer classes. I'm a college student who takes lots of notes and not one of the pens is dry yet. They do bleed a bit though so heads up, of course I use really cheap notebook paper. The colors are VERY saturated so if you're looking for something colorful these are good. Also the tip on some of them are larger than others. That being said, they are very comfortable to use and the tips seem to hold up to a lot of abuse. All in all, really good for the price  "
Love them. Great service and price
"Nice set, good price"
These are amazing!
GREAT PRODUCT JUST AS EXPECTED..
the tip of the pens break and it has two lines when i try to write with it..... lame
These fine line color pens are wonderful
"These pens work great. I love the look of them. They don't bleed in normal writing, but in doodling small details they do. I use them specifically for color coding my notes for school and obviously doodling. The only thing that makes these pens a 4 star is that some people might find it bothersome that you can see the writing on the backside of the page. It's fine by me, but something to think about."
Vibrant colors and writes perfectly!
I love these pens! They are great for color coding my planner and I love the smoothness of writing with a fine point pen! Also you can't beat the price for 10 different colored pens!
"Love these pens, work great for my planner"
"I love these pens - use them to journal in my TN, my planner and Bible"
"LOVE THESE! nice and thin, easy to write with and the colors are great. takes a little while to get them but totally worth it!"
Great set of pens for an amazing price. Can't find a better deal.
I love how fine point these pens are! I use them for note taking rather than for coloring and they're awesome! Would totally repurchase
Nice color set for using in my planner.  Colors do not bleed thru paper.  I gave 4 stars due to the fact that two colors had nibs that separated so the writing is not a smooth solid clean stroke.  Still a good set for the price.
"Ok so I'm a pen person and I love these!! They aren't the best to write on normal lined paper because they do bleed through a little bit, but they write on normal paper really well! And my sister is left handed and found that they don't smear at all which is amazing!"
"The pens were great for about the first day, and then they stopped being so functional. One of the tips of the pens split in half because there was a ridge in the cap that it got caught in. While I could have avoided this split by being EXTREMELY careful putting the cap back on, this design for the lids makes it too easy for the tips to be split. Another one of the pens ran out in just a couple of days. I've only had these pens for less than a week and they are already starting to work poorly. I do not suggest spending your money on these pens because they will not last."
The pens are fantastic. Nice and smooth. In fact I placed a second order after testing them out!
Nice fine lined markers. Fast delivery.
"These pens are very colorful, write smoothly, and add color to my calendar. I recommend them.

(I don't recommend them for kids under 8 because, like all pens with this type of tip, the tip can bend and ruin the pen when kids are hard on them.)"
The pen set can work for you.
"Love all pens, these fit right into my collection. Fast shipping...love Amazon Prime!"
Wonderful!  Smooth writing.... just what my daughter was looking for!!
Best pens ever! Very happy with them.
"Nice colors, fineliner color pens, received on time. Great product."
one of them came split in half. Doesn't write too well. Good for the price and for color coding notes .
Awesome! Love these Pens
Better then I expected; the shipping was fast. Will definitely order them again.
"These are great quality pens. Colorful, and every one of them worked perfectly."
"These are fantastic! Brilliant colors, my only complaint is the yellow is hard to see because it's so bright."
Pens are comfortable to write with and are just as described. Love using these to organize my notes and schedule for nursing school
"Arrived on time, in good condition and was exactly what I wanted and expected."
Exactly what I needed!
They write really well and are all vibrant on the cheapest of paper!
"Quick delivery, great product"
"So I really like the feel and colors of these pens, but I've noticed that in some colors, the felt tip gets worn out really easily and spreads outward, making it difficult to write with, hence subtracting a star."
Loved the colors and how fine it is.
Great for artists.
Love them!
They are awesome....one thing is the pink one has a flaw and does not write smooth.
Great color variety! loved it
"These pens are fantastic
  I use them for my planner as i have multiple schedules to jugle and i like to colour code. My only wish would be for a bigger set with more colours!"
These are great little pens. They write fine and well and the colors are vibrant. I got them to write in my day planner with. I only wish I could hook them onto my planner somehow.
"Nice colors, love the tip is very fine, they are slim and look very nice"
"I LOVE these pens!  I am a pen snob (extremely picky) and was very leary of ordering these. I'm so glad I did, they're perfect!  They write super smooth ( every color equally) and the fine tips are perfect for my planner; I have specific color for specific tasks. I'm also a time snob (so much to do, I don't want to waste time) but these pens are so FUN to write with, they don't seem a waste of time. Plus more efficient knowing ea color means something. So very impressed!"
I was very disappointed when I started using these markers. At least half of them their fine tips are split/splayed rendering them useless. Company refunded my money.
"Very light in the hand, beautiful colors, extra fine tip. Very happy with product!"
Love these pens!!
"Just used these today and they work great! They are fine tipped and write smoothly.  Thin, sleek pens, too."
These pens are great!
These pens work great and was happy with the price as well :)
"These pens have nice, crisp lines and beautiful color! Unlike many marker sets, the colors on the cap matches the actual ink perfectly."
I love these so much. They are like sharpie felt tips though. Not pens
Smalller than I thought writes good perfect for letter writing too
Great
Love them!
"These pens are great. I love the vibrant colors, and they are very easy and comfortable to grip and write with. My only warning is that if you have a picky professor or teacher, they may tell you to stop using marker. These pens slightly look like a marker rather than a pen when on paper. Overall, I love them."
I haven't used them enough to tell if they will hold up.  Will update later.  So far they have a nice pigmented fine line.
"Love these beautiful pens!!! Their fine tip makes details a breeze to draw! Great product, great seller!! "
Love it
I purchased these for use in my DayTimer and they are exactly what I was looking for in terms of a variety of colors for coding purposes. The pens dry quickly and colors are vibrant.
Nice pens they are fine point nice color options I plan. To use in my happy planner.  Gave 4 stars case was damaged but overall I enjoy them
Great colors to organize my planner! Would purchase again
"I am left-handed and it is really hard to find a good pen. This deal seemed too good to be true but so far I have yet to be disappointed. The sign of a good pen to me is how badly the inside of the left hand from the wrist to pinkie tip gets pen ink on it. It is too common for pens (and pencils really) for the ink to smudge on my hand and across the page trying to write. So far I haven't gotten a single smudge on my hand. When I first got these I wrote a word with each color and immediately ran my finger over the word to see if the ink would smear. No smearing there either.

These are nicely fine-tipped as advertised and write very well. My hand writing is very messy. I think the colors brighten my messy writing up, as well as make it not look as bad because the tips are so fine I have more room to write. I think these will improve my hand-writing if only when I'm using this set.
I highly recommend these. When I first got them I immediately told my best friend about them as she uses these sorts of pens for writing and drawing all of the time. I will buy again if I ever need to. If the pens suddenly explode or dry up I might give it one star less but these are wonderful as of yet."
"Really great so far! Perfect for planners, and inks don't bleed too much."
"Beautiful, vibrant color. I'm a teacher and LOVE pens like this. I want to buy some for all my coworkers!  Reasonably priced and lovely."
"I really like these a lot. I am left-handed and usually hate every pen I use because I accidentally smear the ink with my hand when I write. Not with these! Very thin and no smearing. Colors are nice too. Great deal, especially for the price."
Love these they really work well when im trying to draw love the small tip and the colors are amazing!!!
Everything was perfect. My order was delivery quickly and the pens are great. Nice assortment of vibrant colors.
These are extremely fine-tipped and smooth to write with. I am a teacher and I enjoy grading papers with them. The colors are vibrant and pretty!
"Works amazingly, barely bleeds through when I'm accidentally heavy handed. Beautiful colors, for such a low price. Would 100% buy again."
Thanks it makes great present
"Writes wonderfully, love the colors. Using these for this fall for school, will probably order more in the future. Arrived quickly and in good packaging, thanks."
"It is misleading that these are sold as pens and they are really markers. I was expecting a set of pens, but the work well for what they are..."
"Bought these to go with a planner I purchased and they are amazing! I love color coordinating my agenda and notes, and these pens write so nicely! Could definitely use them for sketching or crafts as well!"
This set writes really well. A great buy.
I love these!!! Can't state it better myself. These are great and so cute
Great product
I love these pens. They are super easy to write with and they have a smooth way of writing. I love all the different colors since I bought them to color oragnaize my classes!
Love these markers! Colors are nice and they are perfect for planners.
Great Pens! They write easily and are vibrant.
These are great pens & exactly what I needed. Love them so much! I've gotten extras as gifts for coworkers.
Write great. Colors are vibrant. Love it.
Work great
"Iht bleedz yo butt gud, smal tihp"
"These cute pens are amazing! I use them for journaling and I love the fine point. They're great for writing in small spaces. The colors are super vibrant, but they don't bleed through the other side of the page. I l also love how they're small enough to take on the go. Very good product for their price."
Love this pens! So light and they do not bleed through the pages.
Love these!!
"Love them! Love the color variety, and the ink doesn't smear easily!"
"These are great! Fine point, no bleeding through paper, great price! Really nice quality!"
Love these! I bought them to write in my Passion Planner and I love that they don't bleed through the pages. I bought two packs so I could gift one to my cousin who was visiting! She loved them too! Would recommend to friends and purchase again.
"The markers work well, but fresh from the package my green marker's tip was pushed in and unusable. They write smoothly and are nice colors though."
Great product!
I got these pens to use in my day planner since I track information for several people and color code everything for easy reference. These work great and don't bleed through the page. I like the nice fine point so I can write small when a lot of information needs to be written. They don't smear unless you write over tape. Lesson learned and luckily a wet wipe took care of my green hand.
The felt tips were mostly split. Making writing unlegible.
Exactly as advertised!
"These are fantastic. The colors and beautiful and they write very well. I was surprised to find out they are more like dine felt tip markers and not pens, but that didn't bother me"
"Liked em at first but two big issues with them.

1)  The tip is delicate and the inside of the cap is designed in such a way that if you don't re-cap the pen carefully each time, you risk splitting the felt tip in two -- resulting in double lines when you write.  I ruined 2 of them this way -- it's easy to do because you end up recapping them a lot since they are like markers and you don't want them to dry out by leaving the cap off.
2)  The writing on certain materials fades.  I wrote something on a wall calendar about 2 weeks ago with the pink pen and just today I walked by it and it was like the writing disappeared.  It just faded and you could not tell what had been written.  It doesn't do this with absorbent paper (like a regular notebook) as far as I can tell, but on slightly glossy paperstock like what a wall calendar is made of, the writing will only last 2 weeks.

Furthermore, the company contacted me and said they would give me a full refund if I took down this negative review.  I refuse to contribute to the growing unreliability of Amazon reviews.  They're really not terrible pens, just beware of these above issues."
"Love these so much. I use the black to go over some drawings, they're super nice."
BEST MARKERS EVER - I just wish this was a larger pack with more colors.
"Great pens with a fine tip, I use these to write in my daily planner that has limited space the ink doesn't run and smear together and the colors are vibrant and make it easy to read."
"I love these. Excellent color payoff. Would be great for fine detail coloring. I use mine, however, at work."
"Legit nice pens. Some of the colors come out a little lighter than it shows but overall they're really good pens. I use them to color-code things in my study notebooks and it really helps, plus it makes things nice and colorful!"
I decided to buy these after seeing them in an article on Buzzfeed and i'm so glad I did. I use them for writing in my daily planner and my journal. These have a very fine point and the colors are fantastic. They're truly every bullet journaler's dream!
I bought this for a friend who was having issues with her pens bleeding through the paper. She loves them!
"I have to say I love the colors. They all come out really well and don't bleed through. I also like  how it writes but I hate that if you don't put the lid on precisely, you'll ruin the pen all together. It frays the tip.

I'm down 2 pens in 2 days and others are starting to go in the same direction :(

You really have to baby these pens or not they are pretty much done. I've had them for 2 days and used them to underline for readings and taking notes."
Amazing they write smooth and don't bleede I even tried to get them to bleed on a napkin... didn't work. These are amazing pens nice and slim. I am definitely going to buy them again.
Quality pens. My only complaint is the ink bleeds through some paper.
"Only problem I have encountered with this product is that I have been using the black pent the most and the felt at the end has become a bit frayed so it writes bigger, it isn't to the point of creating a problem when writing but it is a noticeable difference when writing with it. That being said I still rated it a 5 out 5 because although I had this problem fairly quickly after receiving the product this hasn't ultimately effect the writing and I have had similar problems with other products of the same type. Also none of the other pens have had this problem only the black pen and it is probably because I tend to write heavily when I am writing quickly and want to get an idea onto the paper. Overall it isn't a bad deal for the price and I will get this product again."
Beautiful colors!
"These pens are awesome - comparable to a Sharpie Pen but just a little smoother. Just a little finer than the Papermate Marker Pens (my favorite pens ever). I like these for my planner, my to do list, thank you notes, and anything else I'm carefully printing on. They do bleed slightly on thin paper so don't plan to write on both sides of paper you're taking notes on. Overall I would buy these again - and will buy them again once my current set wears out!"
No smudge. Fine tip. Bright color.
I absolutely LOVE these pens! such vibrant colors and pleasant to use!!
"Love them, and plan to order more."
My FAVORITE pens ever! I've bought these multiple times. They are fine felt pens that do not bleed and are easy to write and color with.
Pens write well. Love the colors.
"Wonderful product to use for detail oriented projects like scrapbooking, note taking, or even writing notes to family and friends!"
I was so excited to buy these pens as I love writing utensils and color code everything. Two of my pens had damage; thus the 4 star review. I know it seems weird to say I waited quite awhile to buy a five dollar product but I did because I have more important things to buy for my family. Maybe improving quality control  would make sure that all these pens were perfect. The ones that are good are really nice. :(
Does bleed through but are great quality!
Pens have such fine points and this makes for ease of use
Love the pens.  They are flow very well and great colors.  They are small and perfect size to travel with.
Awesome pens! They are indeed fine point. They are beautiful colors. Great product
These pens write awesome. I take a lot of notes and I like to keep my notes colorful and with these pens I can. There is no smudging and the pen gives a fine line so you can write small.
like the fine lines and colors.  Thank you.
These pens write beautiful! We use them for our Panda Planner and the ink doesn't leak through.
In a family of artistically picky people I can say these are the best gel pens I have used!!
I just got these today. I plan on using them to color code my planner and everything else. Recommend buying!
Great price for a great quality pen set. Colors are vibrant and write smoothly.  Love the casing as well.
"These pens are amazing! Smooth writing, great colors, and I am definitely going to buy this again!"
Love them!
"I would recommend this!! I love it!! Although purple and dark blue look so familiar, but it still good I love how it writes"
Great pens! They only bleed through if you press too hard! Would buy again.
"Theyre exactly as advertised! Love them! They work amazingly, they don't write as smooth as I imagined however they're very vivid and clean. Definitely recommend!"
great pens! great price and colors are so bright. perfect for note taking and color coding calendar.
"These are AMAZING, simply AMAZING! I cannot get over how well made they are (considering how little $$$ they cost), I am extremely impressed with the product & the companies quick shipping - thanks so much!"
"These things are magic! I really enjoy them. The bleed through isn't that bad, but I don't really press down when I write. They're very slender pens, but still easy to write with."
They write great! Only bleeds through the page if you use them life if you where coloring. Like filing in a circle over and over again but if not it doesn't bleed. Plus colors are pigmented. Exactly what you see is what you get!
Love these fine line markers.
These are awesome!! I use them every single day in my planner. They write wonderfully and don't bleed through to the next page. I like to keep things color coded and these have helped so much with that. They're also great for bullet journaling!!
I use these pens to write in my planner. The ink only takes a second to dry and it doesn't bleed through my planner pages.
Smooth writing and bold color. These pens were exactly what I needed. I use them as a teacher to write comments and color code things. I was looking for a fine tipped pen and these work great.
Write smoothly and extremely cute colors!
Excellent colors! Write extremely well. Especially in small spaces.
"These pens are extremely fine lined and usable for drawing, coloring, or just making notes. I am very pleased with them and glad that I ordered two sets."
"Compared to other brands, you can't beat the price and quality."
"These felt tip pens are the ones that are so good, you kinda want to steal them from the waiter when you sign your receipt. They write so smooth and the colors are great. Amazing quality."
I love these pens. They are perfect for journaling.
Great pens brilliant color fine line and great to write or draw with. Will get more in future
"Just received these five minutes ago from my mail carrier, and I love them.  I bought them to make notations in my office notebook where I record phone calls.  Plan to color-code each call so I'm more organized.  Will update if they don't last, but right now they're perfect for my needs."
I bought these pens for use with my Simple Elephant Planner for Achievers. The points are fine and allow me write my notes without bleeding on the next page.
Awesome pens! They write perfect & there is no bleed through for my planner.
"Look... I don't know what happened, but I opened up the amazon shipping envelope and was struck with the most beautiful scent. Do yourself a favor, as soon as you receive these, take a big whiff. I don't know why, but they smell amazing, even though they aren't supposed to be scented (to my knowledge anyway). The pens are very thin (both the barrel and the tip), and also quite lightweight. I don't imagine that they contain much ink, or that they will last very long, but they will definitely get the job done while need be, and are cheap enough to replace when needed. If you're looking for a comparison to another pen, these are just like the sharpie pens, but offer more colors and at a much cheaper price point. The ink flows continuously and evenly and the colors show up just as you would expect them to. Definitely recommend."
Amazing pens! They make the Perfect clear lines!
"At first I was worried they would almost be TOO fine for note taking, but these pens are awesome. They write very clearly and the pigment is vibrant and beautiful. It sounds weird, but I can't wait for school to start so I can use these haha"
They saved me when I ordered them for a class project. I got a really high grade because of this project but I'm very thankful that I used these markers. I drew a word flower and transferred the document onto my booklet and printed it out on Indesign. The result was very nice. All this in a matter of 3 days including the very quick shipping. I wouldn't have done it without them.
Fabulous! Great quality. The pens write very smoothly and don't bleed through thin pages.
Great product
I use these pens in my planner and they don't bleed through the pages at all. Nice and bright colors.
One of my favorite
I love how these pens write. I wish there was a 24 pack and more colors!
These pens write smoothly and are comfortable to write with. I use them to write in my planner and to grade papers.
"Work well! The dark blue bleeds a little and the yellow doesn't show up great but for less than $6, these really are a great deal! The colors are very pretty!"
"If you love paper mate flairs, you will love these!!! They are nice and thin to write with. They write like a marker but do not bleed through the paper like a marker"
LOVE THESE
These pens are great! They write very smooth and so far I've not noticed any bleeding through the journal paper. I would definitely buy again!
"These colors are pretty and vibrant! they are quality for the price. My biggest complaint is how thin they are! They can be a little difficult to hold.
They shipped right on time and came in great packaging, no complaints there. I recommend."
I really love these pens! They write soooo smoothly. I'd definitely buy them again.
Great pens!
Love them.
"The pens themselves are nice and thin, as well as the tips being fine and writing nicely."
"I use these to write, not draw, but I love how fine the pen is. I can't stand thick tipped pens. The color pay off is also really great and true to color."
I'm a school teacher; awesome for work!
Overall love these pens. Very bright colors. Not good for coloring in. Bleed through a little on regular notebook paper but perfect for bullet journaling
Love these pens. As a left handed person I am extremely picky about pens.
Great pens! Ink flow is perfect and the colors are bright and fun.
I've had these for over a month now and they do exactly what i need them to. Great for bullet journaling.
I do love these pens. I prefer very fine print pens because I write small. I just got them recently so I don't how long they'll last but so far I really like them.
"Only $5.00, They are different than any pen I have used but I was impressed. If you don't press real hard when you write or need to write fast this picks up every little mark. Appears to be a very fine thick marker type material on the tip but it's smooth but the ink doesn't go on too thick. It doesn't bleed through."
They are fine and came quickly.
Love love love these pens!
I love these for colouring in my books and doodling all over my pages. I just wish they didn't bleed through the paper. Still great quality & wonderful packaging :)
"These are great! Fun colors, writes super thin, doesn't bleed through at all. I'm really enjoying them. Awesome value!"
Love thwm
Nice pens!
These pens are amazing! Bright colors and cheaper than Sharpie ~ Happy purchase!
Just as they were described!
I love how many color choices you get. They're great for my task lists at work and planner. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is that they bleed through the paper a bit and I was a little disappointed to see that. I'm still using them though!
"Great pins! I only gave 4 stars because one of the pens had leaked all over the marker. But overall, I love them!"
Very beautiful!  So happy.
I like this pen. Good for me
The pens are awesome.
great product
"Perfect for the Coloring version of the panda planner.  Bright colors, fine lines.  Exactly what I was looking for."
"I really love these pens. I use them as a student because I've always liked felt-tip pens. They look nice and the ink has good color.  I do wish they were easier and more comfortable to hold, but I appreciate their extra length.  I also wish they had a clip to stick them easily into notebooks."
I love this product!!
I really like these pens! Good quality and lovely colours.
"I love these color pens, they are so easy to use and I use it for writing cards most of the time and also in my calendar, will def buy more!!!"
Arrived quickly!  Super fine tip...love it.
Absolutely love using these to draw with!
So far I love them. I tested each pen and the colors seem vibrant. I hope they last long.
These pens write beautifully and the colors are brilliant!
Love it
"Bought these for note taking. Works fine. Color doesn't bleed through paper (blank paper or college ruled). Will work well for now but based on other reviews I've read, they don't seem to last long. So I'm not sure when I'll have to re-order."
These pens are awesome. I love them for my planner!
"These pens are a great value, and I really enjoy taking notes with them. They bleed through a little if your paper is thin, but that's not too surprising. Thinking of buying another set."
Love these!  Great colors!  Write well!
Love them! they are amazing. Im using them along with my new Planner.
"Excellent product, easy transaction, Thank you !"
"Love these, top quality. You can use them in your planner or anywhere without bleeding to the other side. The colors are vibrant too! Love them!"
The are awesome to draw with
Absolutely love these!!
"Love these! Arrived a bit later than what was originally stated, but they are exactly what I wanted!"
I was pleased to find that these pens are completely intact and write wonderfully. Being a left handed writer it is more often then not that I can't find a writing utensil that doesn't smudge nor smear when used. However these colorful pens are not only aesthetically pleasing to the eye but fully functional.
These pens are great! Smooth writing and stylish.
"Meh, don't hate it but the colors aren't dark enough."
vibrant colours. Ink isn't too runny just don't press down on the tip/point.
Love them
I really love it!!
Love these pens!  Write well and perfect for Moleskin planner!
"Pens are as described.  The yellow is a bit hard to see, but it would be fine for underlining words or something like that.  I am left-handed, and these are great because they dry instantly, so no smearing of ink on the page.  I purchased these to go with a Law of Attraction journal, and am excited to start using it!  I can't review the longevity of these since I just got them.  If they run out of ink fast, I will update."
"Wonderful pens!!
They are pretty good quality and a great way to spice things up for ya."
"Love the color saturation and the precise tip. There is some bleeding (only reason not 5 stars). Excellent for planners, too!"
Good quality. Writes smoothly but bleeds a little.
"The pen are nice wrote smoothly. I'm not a boju journalist or decorative book planner person but , I think they'll do nicely in those types of book.  I just write on any type of paper without issues."
The pen set is as described in the seller's information.  The colors are lovely and don't bleed through my calendar pages.  Highly recommended.
They write and work great but feel like they don't have a lot of ink or life to them.
Love these pens!
These pens are great for their price.  I've been using them regularly for 3 months and none are showing signs of wear.
"Tested them all out, they work great. Bold colors. Purchased on a whim when they showed up after I picked up a new planner and they were just what I needed."
"These are exactly what I was looking for! My daily planner is even more organized and I couldn't be happier! They write amazing, packaging was great! Nothing is dried out, broken, or anything else that could happen!"
they write very nicely.  Im happy with purchase
Super cute!!
Nice colors. No bleeding or ghosting.
Love them!!!
great fine tip pens
These are wonderful.
"Love these pens!  Great colors, great quality!"
Perfect for my teacher planner!
"I open them immediately and began to draw. The smooth lines flowed easily from the point. Beautiful color choices, too"
These were perfect. They have a fine top that is easy to write with and the colors are vibrant.
"Great pens - I liked them so much, I ordered a second set...plus reasonably priced."
I loved them so much I ordered them twice.
These are really nice. Fine tip. Nice colors. I am using them with my new planner.
"I love MyLifeUnit Fineliner as project coordinator I take a lot of notes and reference a lot of documents. Pens write smooth, colors are vibrant and stand out."
I love how these write.
"Writes really nice, and doesn't bleed through paper."
"Absolutely amazing pens for light writing.  I haven't tested their longevity, but I have been very pleased."
"Smooth bright colors, thin tip perfect for adult coloring, easy to hold. Would order again."
Write really well and the ink doesn't go through the paper
Nice colors but the pens hurt your hand to write with after a short amount of time.
they are good pens and worth the buy plus these people will work with you to make things right with the customer.. Thank you..
They write so fine and perfectly!
All write very well! They're perfect for taking notes!
"the colors are vibrant, write smoothly, and do not bleed"
Haven't had any issues with these pens.  I like how they flow when I use them and that they do not seem to bleed into the page behind the one I'm writing on.
"I like quality of the pens, they do not smear and are bright colors"
"These pens are terrific.

As a left-hander, I have a habit/necessity to press harder on all pens.  Having these pens allow me to add fine detail to art projects.

The colors are as shown.

Excellent product for the price."
Love it
They are smooth and vivid.  Love them!
Perfect for organizing my day by color.
I love my pens!!  They work well in my agenda and they do not smudge.
I ordered a new planner and wanted some colorful pens to make the dates and entries stand out.  These are perfect!  I have only had them about a week and am not sure how long the ink lasts but love the fine tip.
"Lovely set of pens. Nice felt tip and smooth color distribution. I use them in my planner and for writing letters. I use good quality paper, so this ink doesn't bleed."
"The pens are ok, but there was (3) of them that at the tip, split down the middle and now they don't write all that well.  I was hoping that would be more like the ultra fine sharpie pens I typically buy, but not really close..."
Nice pens and easy to use
"Love these! They are perfect for my color coordinated planner. Yes, I know I'm a nerd. It just makes me really happy when each family member has their own color!! They write beautifully."
Love them. Best pen set ever!
"This is a great buy! These pens do not leak through my calendar. Many color options are provided in this own set. So far, these pens are the best I've used for my desk calendar."
Perfect set of pens/markers!!!!!
Not very good. Pens didn't last even a week. Needed more ink in them. I wasn't very happy with them. Sorry.
The pens are really great quality and I love them enough I bought another pack!
"I love these pens! The are slim, fine point pins. They are not ball point but that's not an issue. These, uni-ball, and pilot are my go to pens for an assortment of colors and nice writing"
"Received it open and thrown in the envelope so two markers were missing, but they work well."
"Shipment was on time, packaging intact and pens right beautifully even ink flow. Only 4 stars because I've only used 2-3 times and I don't know yet how long ink lasts and how it flows with extended use."
"They are wonderful, Thank you so much"
No comments
"Good pens but the tips started to wear down and I did not even use it for drawing purposes. I might have just gotten a faulty batch, but I was disappointed. The pens themselves are in great color and look great for notes,I just wish they lasted longer."
Love these pens!  Great array of colors too
I bought these to use in a life planner because those are all the rage. I ended up liking these pens better than the planner! I have a few adult coloring books that they were perfect for and I really wish I bought a package with more colors! The size is perfect for those tiny spaces in an intricate design. I definitely recommend them!
These are very nice colored pens with a fine line. The colors are nice and vibrant and I would buy these again. They would be a lot of fun to do doodling with or coloring those adult coloring books. I just use them for making notes in addition to doodling with the colors when I have time!
Love these!!
They are amazing!
These are awesome pens! Fine lines which I love and they don't bleed through my Moleskine planner. These arrived super fast too. I would purchase again.
Love the vibrant colors and they don't bleed through my journal pages.
"Love this set of pens.  I don't use them for coloring but, rather, for writing - in my planner, notes, etc. and I love how smoothly they write and, of course, the variety of colors available.  Would definitely buy again and recommend to others!"
I love these pens! Very smooth writing and vivid ink!
Everything was great and my 16 yr old daughter loves the colors to do her drawings and doodling with.
I love the super fine tip. These are great for my work planners.
they write ultra fine and are great bright colors.
These are wonderful colors that don't bleed through my paper. They are slim with fine points and write well. Great set. Happy with my purchase. (Pictured with regular pen to compare size)
"I love these! I bought them for my planner. The ink is bright and writes so smooth. The color doesn't leak onto the other side of the page, unless you're using a color over and over again-for example, I drew a sun and colored it in. The yellow came through in one small spot, but nothing terrible. Great product for the money. I also like that they're very thin. I can carry all the colors with me without them being too bulky in a bag."
Great colors and it glides easily on paper. Very happy with these pens!
"These pens are exactly what they said they were in the description.  I have only used them a little, but they're great.  And, yes I would buy them again, I'm now looking for the same company to have more pens, a little larger."
Love it
Great Pens!!!  Will order these again!!
Absolutely love these. I'm going to reorder these ones actually. I tried getting a different brand with more colors and was disappointed with those. Stick with this brand!!
"For anybody who loves colorful pens for drawing or studying, these are PERFECT!"
"I love, love, love these pens. Very fine tip for writing notes or I am using them for writing in my planner. Have tried other brands but these are the best I have seen."
"this was an great purchase. The pens are just the right degree of fine, and the ink does not seep through the pages. Just what I needed."
Great pens. They do not bleed through the sheet. Colors are true.
Superfine point and great colors!  Will be great for my calendar and lesson plan books!
I love fine point pens and these work just great!
"The points aren't as thin as I was hoping, but great variety of colors and suit my purpose of using for my planner and art."
Love how these write! Does not bleed through the paper! Will definitely purchase again!
"Writes very smooth and distribute enough ink to make your letters look clean, and not heavy ink in each letter you write."
Great pens. Writes very smooth.
Nice set.  Using for work bullet journal
great pens will order more!
Loved the colors and the way these pens write. I would recommend them to anyone who likes to color code like I do.
Sturdy pens. Comfortable to use for writing and coloring. Smooth ink flow.
"Love these, smooth and well made."
Nice pen set. Shipped fast they are a nice fine tip.
"I love these pens!!
I have a set for home, and a set for work :)"
Really enjoy these pens. Nice fine points.
"Quick delivery, high quality, easy writing. I do wish the ink were gel to help give the colors more of a pop, but these are EXCELLENT, its like drawing with the more expensive brands but at an extremely affordable rate!"
"I am very pleased with these pens. All of them came in good condition and they wrote very smoothly. The color does not bleed and the caps fit well. Especially for the price, these are great."
The colors are so deep and bright and these pens write so nicely. I use them for my bullet Journaling. They don't bleed through the page and are very smooth!
These little pens are great! They write nicely.  I haven't noticed any bleeding through pages. Fine tip and a skinny stick pen. This means I can pack all of them in a small pencil case.  Good value for the price.
I wish there were more colors. This is the best.
I'm very excited that these are even better than my previous favorite pens! Somehow even my handwriting looks better with these.
Love them!  They are everything I'd hope they would be.  They're great to color and write with.
I love these. They are perfect for my planner. They write clear and don't smudge and I love the colors.
wonderful colours! doesn't bleed too heavily.
 them. Ordered 2 more packs! Doesnt bleed through my agenda pages. Not even notebook paper. Great buy!
Pen is comfortable to hold and the ink flows well. It does tend to bleed through paper (regular lined school paper).
Love these pens. The quality is excellent and the ink colors are vivid. I would buy this product again but I would buy the set with more colors.
"Very very fine tip.  Perfect for planners as they really don't bleed (and my planner's paper is cheap, still no bleeding) but still have a lot of vibrancy and color.  I like the smaller size, though it probably means less ink--you get what you pay for.  Wouldn't recommend for artwork, however, unless you have some REALLY fine detailing you'd like to do."
I'm enjoying using these fine tip markers in my planner and for keeping my class notes colorful.
Love the pens. Would have gave 5 stars but 2 of the pens were dried out upon receipt.
Love these pens. The colors are wonderful and they write very well. Great for color coding my planner!
"fun colors, wish they ere a little darker"
Pens are really good. Smooth writing and no bleeding through. Will recommend them
Good
Love these and will be ordering more! Great service and I love the way these pens write- small enough for my daily planner appointments and notes.
These pens are great for color detail drawings. I will order more because of the terrific work being done.
Works like a charm!
"Bleeds through paper, more of a marker than a pen. They write nicely, but I was expecting something similar to the papermate flair pen, which these are not."
I got see as a gift for a friend and she loved them!
"Smooth writing, nice packaging, pretty colors, slim design. Love these little markers."
These are great for the adult colouring books that have small tight places for colouring. That's what I got them for.
The perfect set of gel pens for doing every project... especially nice for my recently purchased  elephant adult coloring book. I can't wait to get started.
These are just a good as Le Pens and a fraction of the price!
PENS ARE DRIED OUT!!
These pens are great! They write smooth and don't smudge. I am having problems with bleeding into the next page though...
Awesome product. I really like the fine tip point and the bright ink. the ink in this product has not bled through the paper or smeared.
"Definitely not as advertised. The colors are slightly different, not as pastel or unique as they look--more of your ""typical"" colors. Packaging is different too, not even the same brand. Pens work fine for the price, but need to be advertised better."
"They write nice, the pen just feels really light and cheap. But it's good for the price."
I'm obsessed with felt tip pens but hate that they're so expensive. So I was so excited when I found these!!! Got them today and they're awesome. Have to get used to how thin they are but it doesn't bother me. Love! Will buy again!
These pens are great! Love the smooth glide with the fine tip. The colors are great too. Great find. Plan to order another set.
I loved these markers. I am going to order another pack for my son who is a nursing student. They have a fine point and are useful for writing in a planner or on notecards.
Like picture
These are perfect for my daily planner. They are very fine tip so I can write in the little spaces in the planner. They write smooth so it doesn't scratch when you are writing. The ink doesn't bleed through the pages. So glad I found these!
"I love writing in these pens! They're super smooth and don't smear. Also, love the colors! The only complaint is that the yellow is a little too light and not the best for writing, though it works great for circling things while reading."
Love these! They have super fine tips and vibrant colors. Makes color coding my organizer super easy.
"These pens are simply the best! Well worth the cheap price tag! Bold colours, writes so well. The only con is that the pens tend to bleed through the pages but that doesn't bother me!"
"These pens are great! They were suggested to me when I bought a new planner on Amazon. They were a reasonable price, so I bought them and absolutely love them! They write so smooth and the colors are vibrant. I'm sure that I will order more in the future."
Terrific product. It came to me in a timely manner.
"I love the colorful, thin lines created by these pens.  Would definitely buy again."
Love the colors and size of the pens. Only small thing I noticed is that it almost bleeds through. Don't think it's fair taking off a star for that small issue.
Work well and have great colors.  Would recommend.
I am a teacher and these work extremely well with the Erin Condren Lesson Planner. I am very happy with this product!
Great Pens!
as advertised
I love these marker pens. I also enjoy how thin it is.
Love how easy and smooth they write
"I've only had them for a few days, but so far these pens are awesome.  They are brightly colored, they don't bleed through paper, and they are perfect for journaling and my planner."
"They write well, fine, and bright. Woohoo!"
"These pens are really nice and fun to write with. The colors are great, too."
"These are great pens! They are like very fine tip markers, but they don't bleed. They are very light and thin...very nice to use!"
I love these pens! good colors and fine tipped
I love these. I use them for my calendar and they are great and don't bleed that ive noticed.
These pens are great
Quality felt tip pens in nice variety of colours. Good value for money.
Bright bold colors with a fine enough point that I use them for my planner
I usually prefer bold ink. These fine print lines are heavy in pigment and smooth. Love these markers.
Loved the ultrafine tips and the colors were great.
I love these pens. They remind me a lot of the fine point sharpies. The colors are also pretty close to the color on the cap. The only thing negative is that they do bleed through the paper.
Great pens!
awesome pens! great tip and perfect amount of colors for organizing your calender's or charts.
They write very nice
Best pens ever. Super smooth writing. Very thin and slim design. Very happy with purchase.
"These are amazing, I use them for everyday writing but I could definitely see how an artist could create something beautiful with them, such easy writing"
Good fine lines.
Love these pens. The quality is amazing for the price. I will definitely buy again!
"Nice pens. Seems to have a lot of ink in them, as I have used them a lot. My only complaint was I used them to draw and then did a watercolor wash over them and they ran. They are not permanent. Too bad. I will still use them but only when I'm doing pen only drawings. Not with any other medium."
These are my favorite favorite pens of all time. Very happy.
I'm always a nerd for color-coded anything and these are awesome. They write super well too
"I really love the bright color and smoothness of these pens, I use them to write study notes. They do bleed which is upsetting but doesn't bother me too much."
I absolutely love these pens! I will definitely by them again.
nice quality
"Great pens,writes well. Fast shipping. Thanks!"
"I use these pens for my bujo and I was pleased at how pigmented the inks are without bleeding through the paper! I also really, really like how fine the tips are. Excellent product for the price."
I love the way these pens write -- they are perfect
Good
These pens are my favorite!! Highly recommend!
These pens are really nice! The ink is vibrant and it writes smoothly. No ink bleeds either!! I would definitely recommend them. I use these pens with my Panda Planner :)
I love these pens but one came defected and the tip is square which makes it hard to write. If it wasn't for that I would give it a 5 star.
Daughter is enjoying them more than I...lol
"I am very disappointed with these pens as I did not receive the ones from the picture. I did not realize that the product description did not explicitly say which colors would be included in the package, but after looking through other customer images I can confidently say my package did not contain the right colors. I have 2 black, 2 red, 1 green, 1 pink, 1 teal, 1 purple, 1 dark blue, and 1 orange. No yellow or brown. I got these pens specifically for the yellow pen as I use this color in my color coding system for my classes. Will be returning."
"No complaints, I like pens with fine points and the colors add a great touch to my work."
Amazing.
I love them! I use them to write in my journals and calendars(personal)
seem like good quality. I like that they are thin
Excellent colorful writing pens!
Love these color pens!
Love these pens!!!
"Love these pens! I am a pen adict and I have had these for two months. They are still going strong. I take copious ammounts of notes with them and they have allowed me to eliminate clutter and downsize my pen collection. As a pen addict I approve and recommend. Also, I like the case that these come in. I have kept it because it makes a great little carying case so when you want a pen they are all right there togehter to choose from. Will buy agian when I need to."
Tips weren't very sturdy and the pens didn't write as well as I had hoped.
Great
Awesome pens
"Pretty colors, fine lines and doesn't bleed through. Would definitely buy it again!"
They didn't last long for me but I used them all day everyday cuz I liked them so much
i love these soooo mucg best pens to use in your planners. they don't run at all!
Wonderful colors!!!
Bleeds poorly. I bought to use in my planner and not a good idea.
I received the shipment but there was only one pen in the package.  I like the pen but am irritated that I have to deal with a defective shipment.
"Great product, arrived quickly. Colors are exactly as pictured."
I work as a receptionist and I'm obsessed with pens. I still have a couple left but the tip keeps cracking. I only use them to write on regular things. I've had thin point pens like this and it's never happened.
I absolutely LOVE these pens. I use themy to organize my calendar/planner. Very happy with this purchase!
"These pens are bright and easy to write with, but do bleed a little (although not as bad as others I've had.) I would recommend this product if you're doing a bullet journal--they've made mine look great!"
"There is nothing wrong with the pens and the colors are beautiful. I just did not realize they were so thin. For those with hand issues, the thinner barrel will cause problems. Other than that, they are very nice."
"I love these pens for writing in my calendar. They have a color indicator on both ends, so either way they face, you'll know the color."
These pens have been good for note taking in a text book.  You can somewhat see them on the reverse side but not well enough to read what is written and they haven't smudged. They have also been nice in my planner.
These pens are great!! I really like the fine tips but great flow too! Would definately buy again
"i love using these pen, it write clean, and concise with a very fine, Finding the perfect pens"
Love these pens. Finding the perfect pens have become a hobby of mine! These are perfect for Bible journaling or keeping an organized planner! I will definitely be ordering these again.
"Fun, colorful"
good
"Very bright colors, great for my pointillism drawings. The blue dark blue and purple are a bit too similar but overall it's a good purchase"
I am a graduate student and use them for notes or detailing graphs and pictures. Love love love these!! Great fine tip ... equivalent to that of a mechanical pencil! Colors don't bleed through paper and don't bleed into each other when writing very small or detailing. I love these especially because they don't scratch on the paper as most fine tip pens and glide very smoothly. Would buy again for sure!!!
Love these. They work perfectly for me to color code my planner!
Awesome pens -
"Love these pens. They write really nicely, and I love the selection of colors!"
"Awesome pens. I use them to write with, as well as for coloring. They write so smoothly, and it doesn't smear/smudge/run. Delivered quickly!"
"They work great, I have no complains."
Are you a fan of using bright colored smooth rolling easily held pens for your notebooks / journals ? These fineliner color pens are AMAZING
Love the pens; will definitely from them again.
These are very fine tipped pen/markers that enabled me to write on my planner and calendar. No smudges. Color coding with my dot stickers helps me see at a glance what's happening. I didn't have bleeding/ bleed through problems on my Erin Condren planner.
I love this Pen set! I love finding pens that will not bleed through my planner pages! Worth the price!
Writes well. Very fine point.
"My husband loves these pens.
Good quality and colors. I would definitely purchase these again in the future. Thank you."
Love the colors. Writes really well
"I've been using them almost every day. The quality is great and yes, on thin paper, they do bleed just a tiny tiny bit but nothing I'd be upset about. I absolutely will be getting another pack when some of mine begin to run out."
"I bought this pen set for my bullet journal, and I'm very happy with my purchase. They have a nice, fine point, and they do not bleed. The colors are great, too."
lovely colors and easy writing!
"These pens are really great.  No bleeding, smearing or smudging.  They site perfect every time I use them and the colors are bright andvinriant."
These are great pens for journaling! Fine tipped and fun color selection.
"I'm particular about writing and I love using colors for everything. It's always a struggle with pens being too thick or markers bleeding through the page. These are perfect! Love the color variety, no bleeding through and the lines are neat. I ended up buying 2 more packs for friends and family.. they love em too :)"
These pens are amazing. Very fine so it makes smooth writing. I bought to write in an agenda and it is perfect!
Great set. Colors are bright and writes smoothly.
I have had these pens for 3 weeks and use them daily to color code my planner. They are great so far! Bleed quickly with water though.
Very nice!  The creative juices start flowing the minute you open the package.
"These felt-tip pens are exactly what I was looking for. They write well, come in bright colors, and they don't leave too thick of a line. I recently went back to college, so I am using these to color-coordinate my planner according to my classes.
The only reason I took off a star is because the blue pen started leaking about a week after I received these in the mail. I can still use it, but it makes a mess if I'm not careful. I'm worried that the ink will run out too quickly and I'll have to buy a whole new pack just to replace one pen."
Ordered these for my niece she's 17 & she loved them.
Very happy with my purchase. The colors are vivid and writes smoothly. The pens have a nice sleek feel.
Great colors. Excellent quality. Very nice fine tip. Perfect for bullet journaling.
Love these pens! Very useful for my planner/calendar.
Great color pens!!!!
Slender and colorful addition to my journaling collection. The size makes them very protable and color variety makes my journaling more interesting and fun. I only wish they were also waterproof - or that would have been 5 stars!
"These pens are AMAZING!! Vibrant and slide across the page. I use them in my planner to keep everything separated - they are absolutely perfect for that. I'm not sure how long they will last since I just got them and I will update this review if they start running out of ink quickly - but as of right now, I'm completely thrilled with my purchase!"
"Love these pens! They're perfect for writing in my planners and calanders. I use them for note taking in class as well. The barrel is pretty thin so I don't know how long the ink will last but for the price, you can't beat it!!"
I LOVE these pens! I am for sure going to order more in the future. Very vibrant colors and nice design
"Very good colors, I love it! It's just a bit hard for me to write because the pen on my hand feels very thin but it's okay I just hope that the Inc lasts for a long time!"
They are really nice. The blue and purple do look very similar
my new favorite pens
Great pens for my calendar. Super thin
Beautiful colors and great for work!
I've used these pens everyday and so far they are great. I use them with my Law of Attraction Planner.
"Nice pens,  just not exactly the same colors as picture. Arrived quickly."
"If you like quality pens, I do not recommend these pens. They are overpriced and cheap.

Just to prove how cheap they are you can google ""Sipa Fine Line Drawing Pen,"" and you can find them on Alibaba going for less than $1 each. I don't mind buying low-quality pens, but I don't appreciate being ripped off."
Excellent!!  I will certainly be buying more!
I Love these pens!
"I love these pens so much, I ended up buying another pack. The color is vibrant, they write smoothly, and the felt tip holds up well."
"I love these pens. Vibrant color, great ink, and smooth lines."
Product ordered and received as described.  Efficient service by seller.
"Awesome pens!! Great for writing in small spaces in my planner. Will definitely order more in the future. Fast shipping, too!"
Write so well and doesn't bleed. Great for budget/bullet journals/all those other organization notebooks millennial yse to pretend their lives are together. I used these to color coordinate my budget journal and it almost seems like I can afford a house AND avocado toast. 10/10. Would recommend.
"I am loving these pens. I purchased them to use with keeping up with my work schedule, social schedules, and other life events my calendar. The colors are excellent. I am beginning a color coding system, so the 10 different colors are very helpful. They have a very fine tip, so writing small isn't a problem. These don't bleed at all either so it helps keep the writing legible and looking good. Highly recommended!!!"
Love these! !
I love these pens. The color is great!
Great pens! Quick delivery! Highly recommend this product!
I wanted to love these pens due to the fantastic reviews however the tips were bent. This did not allow for neat writing. I could color code my planner however it was very difficult to take notes for my planner. Maybe I got a faulty pack? Exterior design of the pens look very chic so it was fun holding them.
I will forever write with these pens! They are smooth and perfect for bullet journaling!
I just received  these pens but I only received 5 due to a hole in the plastic container. Not a happy camper! It would be nice if I had the other 5 or maybe a whole new set.
"I think these are a great value. I purchased these when at walmart. There are alot of attractive features one of which is the fact they don't bleed.through notebook paper. They can but not with a light touch. Wont work on checks, works well on drawing."
"I bought these  pens so that I can write in my daily journal in a different color for each entry. I really like these pens! They don't bleed through to the other side of the paper, and they are thin tipped so I can fit quite a bit of writing on each line.  Very worth the price."
Product arrived in a very timely manner. The colors are brilliant and write well.
"They write very well, love them!"
Great pens! Thank you for the fast shipping .
Really awesome pens! I bought them for my planner and they're really really great.
"Great quality pens. I bought them for a journaling day planner but they will also work nicely in coloring books. Thinking about getting another, or a bigger, set. Love these."
My new favorite pens... absolutely no bleeding and the thickness was perfect.
"Amazing, adorable, great pigment!"
These are awesome ! Write great I will be getting another pack soon!
Love these pens!
"I love these pens. I have already bought 6 packs, some for me and some for my friends. I use them to write notes. They do bleed through the paper a bit on my composition notebook, but not printer paper. As long as they keep selling these I will keep buying them!"
"These are actually very nice.  They are a nice fine point. They write beautifully with very little, if any, seeping through to the next page. I wrote on the back of the page in the photo.  If you look really closely, you can see shadows but not ink. At the bottom of the page (2nd line up from the bottom) I made a smiley face with heavy eyes. That is the darkest spot."
Good quality but it bleeds through my bulletin journal.
These pens are a fine tip but have excellent color saturation and comfortable grip.  I use them myself and I've given them for gifts.
Such great pens! Love marker tip pens. No bleed through or fuzzy writing due to bleeding. Very well made pens and highly recommend
Perfect for writing in my planner!
I really love the tips and writing style with these pens. I would have given a 5 star rating except that the black pen had it's inside mechanism come out.
I love this pens. I am using the to write on my journal and looks so pretty. The ink doesn't run. I will buy more to have them when I need it.
"The color is very pigmented, and the tips are really fine. My daughter uses them to draw doodles and cute lettering, she has even used them to color some of her designs. The tips are resilient enough for the pens to be handled by a bunch of 11-year-olds with ease and without guilt. The only pen I don't like is the yellow, it just does not have enough color for my liking"
"Great for price. Some bleed through, on thin paper or when pressing.
Really like the pens."
"I like them for the most part, they bleed through the page."
They work perfect!
These all pens are exceptional.  Work Perfect - Colors perfect
"I love these pens! Fine tipped and vibrant colors, they help me keep my calendar organized in my crazy life! Will be buying again!!!"
Not a fan. Bought for bullet journaling but decided I am not a fan of them so haven't touched them since I bought them.
they are okay
I am an art student and I adore these pens. The fine point allows me to draw out the tiniest details.
I'M OBSESSED WITH THESE PENS!
nice
"Great pens, I got them as a gift for my mom and she loves them!"
"Very nice pens, and enjoy using them."
"I love the color of these pens, however they are very thin and hard to hold.  It is just a personal preference, but difficult if writing in my journal for a long period of time"
Great seller and great product
"I purchased these to go with my new planner because of the fine tip...I have only used these once, but I love them so far.. can not wait to use them to hep me organize."
Watch out Sharpie Pens you now have competition 
"Excellent product, prompt delivery!"
Everything as advertised
Colors are vibrant!
Fantastic pens.  Will definitely order from this seller again.
They are perfect. Just what I needed and expected!
Great pens. No bleeding and writes smoothly! Would order again.
"Beautiful colors, they don't bleed, and have a super-fine tip. I got these for bullet journals and planners and so far, so good!"
"These are awesome and write really well! The colors are very vibrant and true to image. However, only 3 stars because I write really hard and the tip is very thin for my writing style. I love them and still will probably buy again.. :)"
"These are great, just what I was looking for."
Pens a really nice!
"I just got them so I don't know is they will last or dry fast, but so far so good."
I love these pens.  I've been using them to write thank you notes and love the bright colors and fine tip.
I bought these along with blank postcards to decorate and trade.  They are perfect for what I needed them for.
Perfect for organizing my crazy schedule.
"Great pens, fine point, true to color, enjoy them very much."
Love these markers. The colors are great.
Great for the price. Their very fine tip markers. I've used them on paper and they didn't bleed through but if it's thin paper it may bleed through so be careful. Overall good buy.
Love these pins - they are super thin and easy to write with and don't bleed through my calendar pages!
"These pens are ultra thin point, they write super smooth and the colors are really nice and they help me stay organized. Love them."
Love these markers.  I love to write in calendars with them.  Each day using different colors.  This is so important to me.
"Really nice pens.  Great colors, fine lines; they do not bleed through to the next page in my planner.  I'm thinking of ordering the pastel pack!"
The item actually arrived before the expected date. I love these pens! Would purchase them again in the future .
"I really like these pens.  The tips are very fine and the colors are very sharp.  The colors are different enough from each other that you can't mistake one for the next.  I like taking notes with a variety of colors and it's great when the colors are distinct.  The ink does bleed through my journal pages a little bit (see pictures of front and back of journal page), but not so much that it bothers me."
These are the perfect color fine point pens in color.  The price is great and so far so good with the quality of the pens. No bleeding perfect fine lines of color perfect for journal or planner writing or even note taking.  I love it and would buy again.
"These ""pens"" act more like fine markers. In that catagory, they are great for filling fine lines with ink, but not better than some actual pens I have. The colors on the ends of the caps are not the best representations of the ink that comes out, make sure to test them before inking your work if you desire a specific color."
Love these! Great for planners they are super thin.
I love how smoothly these markers write!  They don't bleed through but on thin pages you can't write on both sides.  They are beautiful and smooth.
I love these pens! I use them for everything!
Great! Just what I was looking for and they are very good quality!
These are now my favorite pens. The fine points are perfect!! Going to order another set soon just to have in case these run out. Great gift for the aspiring artist.
Perfect for color cordanting my planner. I live it
I love using these pens with my new planner. Color coding is great and it keeps me motivated to continue with my goals.
It was directly shipped from China and the brand name was printed in Chinese. But it is so worth the waiting!
"Great Colors, I Just Love Them !!!"
"Great pens, vibrant colors, but beware they bleed a lot"
"Pens are fine, but it's not the same brand as shown."
I receive these today and I love them. They write smooth the markers themselves are thin.
3+ months of everyday use across all of the included pens and still working.  Work well for fairly cheap.
"These pens are perfect for what I wanted them for! I ordered them for my day planner (which has pretty small boxes) and these pens are great for writing in them! I love to color coordinate my activities and all of these colors are so bright and pretty! Overall, I am really happy with my purchase :)"
"Arrived quickly, great quality"
They work great!
"Love them! Write smoothly, don't usually bleed through paper but it has happened a few times. Great for taking notes."
very nice markers
"Purchased as part of a gift basket and was disappointed with the packaging.  It was not as noted in the picture with English language, but was what appeared to be Chinese on the packaging and the individual pens.
 If I had purchased for myself, I might have been interested in keeping but not to give as a gift.  Will either get them replaced or with outright return.

I can't comment on the quality of the product, just its appearance."
They write really smooth. Colors are accurate
Love the pens and love the colors!  I bought them for bullet journaling and have started using them for note taking at work and lists/etc... at home.  The only downside is that they're bleeding a bit through the journal paper at times.
These pins write EXCELLENT. I will always order these when needed.
"Love these pens! Perfect for color coordinating/writing in a planner. They do not bleed through the paper, and have the perfect sized tip. They are similar to sharpie pens, but work even better! Great colors!"
I was so disappointed with these pens. They are advertised as being fine point but write much more like a medium or bold pen. And the ink bleeds all over the paper.
"Solid color, perfect size tip (not too fine or thick), and doesn't bleed. Also doesn't dry out - I'm a teacher and leave the cap off practically all day as I carry it and periodically use, and the ink is never dry, writes perfect even after having no cap for hours."
I bought these pens for me though my daughters did attempt to knick them...  Not an expensive set but the pens have very fine tips and write smoothly.  The colors are vibrant.
Precision at its best. Great for coloring in fine details
"Works well, especially for value"
Nice colored pens. Use them in planner and they do not bleed or smear.
These pens are my absolute favorite. Ultra fine tip that write similar to a sharpie but don't bleed through. I definitely will be buying more since my teenager and coworkers are using them too!
Great product because it doesn't bleed through my planner pages.
"These are not the same brand as advertised. I need them as part of a gift I'm assembling for a birthday surprise, so I don't have the time to return them. Hopefully they will work well. But, they are not the same brand as indicated in the description or pictures."
Good Color Pen
"Perfect for taking note! On binder paper, it doesn't kind of bleed through but not so much that you wouldn't be able to read"
"This produce arrived promptly and in fine shape. The pens too are smooth and very nice to use for note taking , underlining, or simply writing.

Great product and great service!

Roger"
"I was a little disappointed in the quality. I have to write a lot of information at work and it helps to write certain things in different colors.  They have a nice fine point but the bleed a little bit and one of them has already started to fray, and I am not rough on my pens.  I do really like the colors though."
"Easy to write with, esp for bad handwriting.  Vibrant colors, caps are tight, nice packaging."
"I like the colors of these pens a lot. They're also slender so they feel nice to write with. But the reason I gave them a 4 star instead of 5 star is because I thought they'd be great to do some fine coloring with. To my disappointment, they bled through a lot. So for writing, they are terrific, but for coloring with or drawing with, they aren't good. When I write, I use a thick paper so there's no bleed through."
Love these pens for school notes!
these pens are awesome! definitely gonna reorder when they run low!
I love these pens! I just wish they were permanent due to the ink rubbing off on more shiny surfaces or paper. Otherwise great!
Excellent vendor! Love my pens!
Just as described. They write smooth and with out leaks or bleeding. Perfect for bullet journaling or to do take lists.
"These are GREAT pens, honestly much better than I was expecting! They don't run through the page like the rollerball or gel styles, has a thin line and nice colors."
Super bright color. Hold a lot of ink. Won't bleed through most paper. I will follow this seller and buy from again
I love these markers!  They are perfect for the intricate designs of adult coloring. The ink flow is so nice. Thanks!
Like
Like the pens and how they write. Thanks!
Pen tips broke pretty easily.
"Awesome writing utensils. I use them for fine detailing, as well as, underlining pertinent words or messages."
I love the colors and fine point for writing in my planner.
a-ok
These pens are kind of awesome if you love the feel of a felt tip. I'm a roller bal kind of girl but still found myself enjoying them
My daughter loves these pens! She is quite the artist and loves how thin the line is with these pens!
Just received my package and opened it and it was damaged. The plastic was ripped and 3 of the pens didn't have covers. On of then didn't even have a tip. Very disappointing.
"wonderful product, no complaints"
"I love the colors and their thinness. I use for accounting notes, they work amazing on Becker books"
Nice smooth thin line markers/pens!  LOVE 'em!!!!!
Great pens for journaling. They write smoothly and I haven't had any problems with them yet. Love the beautiful bright colors.
Great product
These are awesome fine tip ink pens. They make journaling FUN. :)
Good pens. My wife uses them for her Bible study.
Great colors. Just what I needed!
I can only say I am a 'pen junkie' and I love these. Great ink. Perfect size lettering. Doesn't run. Dries quickly.
"Bought these as a gift for a friend. She says they work great. Also, I saw these same pens at OfficeMax for double the price. Amazon win!"
I really enjoy using these and the color selection is great. Fine tip and opaque.
Awesome pens!
"I'm seeing a lot of reviews saying these pens do not run through the paper but I don't find that to be true. Using regular copy paper in my Traveler's notebook inserts I made these pens bleed through to the next page. I wonder if these reviews are all true or if they've been paid. If I had gotten these pens based on most of the reviews I've read I would have been very upset.
However, I am pleased with this purchase. I will just use the pens on my multi-media notebooks. They won't bleed through that paper. But regular 20 pound copy paper it'll bleed through."
"Decent quality, ink colors are vivid and appropriate."
"These are really nice pens. The colors are vibrant, they write the first time, and the lines are smooth. I would highly recommend."
good
"Bright and lovely, but bled through the pages of my journal.  I kept them for use during art projects and they're great for fine ink work."
The colors are great and vibrant. I want to order another set for work.
These are perfect. The do not leak to the next page. they write smooth and crisp and oh so nice.  I use them for journaling. they are worth the price
came quickly. works fine. nice colors.
"In love with these right out of the package - the pens are slim and comfortable in the hand, they write smooth and clean, no blurring or smudging as my hand moves across the page. The colors are bright and beautiful - true to what you see in the picture. They are the perfect accessory to my bullet journal, plenty of colors to mark different types of items."
Love using these pens
These are perfect for writing notes!
Perfect. Super fine tips. Easy to write and doodle with.
These are not as fine as I had anticipated. They will bleed through normal paper.
"They write smooth and are fine tipped as expected I like the feel and style but unfortunately the black pen came out not working at all, dried up it seemed. That is the main color I usually use so this was disappointing. Otherwise a good product."
I love these pens so much for taking notes and doodling in my planner at school.. Must have for all students.
Nice pens but a couple of them have a split tip causing split lines when using them.
Very Happy with the pens.  They write smooth and fine.  Will purchase again.
These pens are life. Anyone who sees me use them wants to know where I got them. They write so smoothly and are the best colors. I just love them.
The pens are perfect for journaling. Very little ghosting.
So great! These do not bleed through paper! And have beautiful colors!
"I love them! They arrived within a week of the purchase. The colors are very nice, they don't really bleed through paper unless you apply more pressure to them. They are great for getting small details, and they are extremely similar to high-end fine liners. I highly recommend.

UPDATE: I've noticed after a few days of use, pigment in certain pens have dried up and don't work/ work very poorly"
These pens are awesome. Great pigmentation and some really beautiful colors. I'm a big fan of the blue. The colors are excellent for notetaking and color coordinating planners. The ultra fine tips make them perfect for these types of applications and make it much easier to fill in those little calendar boxes. High recommend these for students and planners!
Not a must have but its ok. If your staring out in art or something its fine to get and use..
Product was delivered on time & as described.
I love having an assortment of colors for work!
I sent these as a gift to my grandma who got them very quickly and she is loving them with the adult coloring books!
Awesome little pens.  Comfortable in your hand.  My new faorite.
Received when promised. Love these pens-- fine line-- bold colors. Great for bullet journaling
Works great with the calming coloring books!
"I use these pens daily as a middle school English teacher. They write smoothly and neatly, with minimal bleed through. Plus, the pretty colors make grading much more fun!"
"haven't had them that long, so I don't know how long they last, but they're good pens otherwise: easy to write with, don't bleed through, etc. kinda sketchy that they don't look like the pics. they don't have that stripe like in the first one, and the packaging says sipa is the brand, not mylifeunit, as advertised in the last pic. idk though"
love these pens! they are perfect for planners
"Work as advertised. These pens give true, vibrant color. They do not bleed through the pages of my organizer."
Nice colors but dried out pretty quickly.
Cool markets.  But bleed badly through thinish paper
The pens are easy to handle and the ink flow is smooth. I also found that the ink does not bleed through most papers. I use these pens as underliners when reading.
The write very smoothly and the colors are vibrant.
"I love these pens. They write smoothly, don't bleed and are perfect for everyday use, artwork, business, anything you need a pen for - these are spectacular!"
"Oh how Much I love this product. It's like a finer point than those sharper fine tip marker. Writes smoothly, I don't have to press down hard which I normally do for regular pens. Love it love it. I'm obsessed."
Awesome pens that are extremely fine tipped and easy to write with.  They have chinese written all over them that seemed odd but whatever.
Nice pens.  They are quite nice to write with.  Only thing to be aware of is that if you hold the pen in one spot for a bit the ink may bleed through the page.
Really good pens.
"If I could write with these very day, I would. Very smooth and colorful."
These pens are amazing!
Awesome pens.  Gives excellent color and can be used like tech pens for pointalism.
"I liked the variety of colors. I bullet journal, so these were great for that with the fine tips. A couple colors went through the paper, but I think it was more the thinness of the paper than an issue of the marker. Very happy with these."
"These are AWESOME pens!! I am one of those people that are crazy about pens and even though I have plenty, I seem to never have enough. But these are BY FAR the cutest and best pens to write with!! I bought 2 more packs just because I want to have extras in case I loose any. I HIGHLY recommend you buy these you will not regret it."
"They are nice pens, but they bleed through most papers, so you have to be careful when using them. Although they say they are 0.38mm. they write thicker than that."
"Great quality pen, good for drawing or writing for daily use! This pen has a very fine point and doesn't bleed through paper."
So far so good! They write beautifully!!
"Great set, easy to use, good variety of colors. Lasts longer than I expected, I usually will not buy pens I cannot refill, these are worth the money!"
Awesome for a planner!
Great pens!
good
Very good quality for this price.
a must for my journals!!
Great colors and they don't bleed through the paper. I use them in my planner to color code things and they are perfect. Have also used to color smaller spaces with them. The fine tip is perfect. Highly recommend these!
My new favorite pens!
Can't wait to use!
I really like the fine tip and the colors. The only thing is I was expecting the brand to be the MyFineUNIT but it ended up being Sipa instead. Not to big a problem since the pens are still nice.
Added these to a giveaway that included a planner. Our guest loved all the color options and that these came in such fine tips which is perfect for scheduling.
Great pens.
I like the way that they write and color. They have rich colors. I love the small tips. Only negative is that bleed through the paper if you color 1 spot too much. Card stock doesn't bleed as bad but has in a place or 2. I was kind of expecting that when I got them though since they are more like markers than pens.
"I LOVE these pens! Perfect for brainstorming, journaling, doodling, writing notes...."
"I seriously love this pen set.  The colors (yellow excepted) are vibrant, and the pens write smoothly.  Two thumbs up."
Write perfect every-time and the colors are strong and brite.  Helps to stay organized and is a time saver and draws attention where it is needed
Smooth writing pens. Would definitely buy again.
Great pens! Fast delivery...thank you!
"Great Pens! The thickness is perfect and it does not bleed through the page.

I've used them for over a month daily (mainly the black one) and have not run out of ink yet"
"These work great for my day to day color coding needs in calendars, planners and such without bleeding through the paper, but weren't my favorite for adult coloring books - unless you were using the very small spots, then they were great."
"Love these pens, now the color choices are not the best. The teals are way too similar and the red, is more of a pink. But the pen quality for my bullet journal is perfect."
"Seems to be high quality ink, writes on plastic surfaces well. Solid construction."
I like the colors and how the writing looks.
"Bought these pens with the intention of dividing and categorizing my notes for school even better. Pen tip is similar to that of a standard pencil, which is great as you get the same font size across the paper. These pens offered that to me at a low price. Only issue with the pens is that the packaging is not identical to the brand shown in picture. Rather than a ""MyLifeUnit"" pair of pens, I got a ""Sipa"" brand of pens with Chinese writing across. That being said I can't complain as the pens are inexpensive and are only desired for a specific purpose of note writing. So if you do not desire to spend more on a pair of pens that can help with note taking, or even small amateur crafts, these pens will do just that."
Love these pens!!
Excellent quality at an affordable price
Excellent product!
"* MyLifeUNIT contacted me about the defective pens and offered a full refund which I am completely satisfied with.*

These markers bleed. I wanted to start a bullet journal with them but if you move at all slow the ink spiders out making your art look sloppy."
I am all about line work and these are great for that purpose! they write very nicely and are great to hold.
they write great
I love these pens. Perfect for visual note-taking in class.
Pleased
Fantastic. I use these to take my notes in pharmacy school and they are still going strong. These pens won't quit on you
Love them!
"These are some of the BEST pens I've ever had!! They write beautifully and the ink doesn't leak from the tip. The tip is very fine so if its used to drawing or writing, it would be perfect! The colors are beautiful as well. The cost is PERFECT!! I'll be buying more very soon! I love these pens!!"
"Real nice pens. Quick delivery. And both, me and my son love the ink and the ine lines that you able to draw using different hand strokes as well as how much pressure can give you difeten line and color thickness."
These are so awesome
I love them. Perfect color and they are really smooth.
"I don't often write reviews, but these pens were an instant favorite. Definitely buying another set in the future."
Perfect
Love how vibrant these are
"I love these pens.  I use them to help color code my planner. They write very smoothly, don't bleed through the paper and there are enough color choices to make it worth the price.  Would definitely recommend these!!"
It was a gift and my nieces and nephew love them!!!
"meh, personal preference but they are too thin for my clumsy hands."
"The bleeding was worse than I thought. It's not that bad, but still I can't use them for notes."
"These are similar to the fine tip sharpies. They are thinner so they don't take up as much room, and come with a plastic snap case which is really convenient. The colors are vibrant and I haven't had any problems with them. Would definitely buy again!
*Update, have had them since around January and they are still working great ~6 months later. I bought a second set for when these run out because I use them everyday with my planner."
Great set of pens.  Perfect for my planner!
Pretty good overall.... some ghosting on the back of pages but no bleeding.... great for bullet journals. Nice fine tips and don't smash easy.
Love them
"These are very nice quality and the colors are true to the cap.  Only drawback is they bleed through on thinner pages, which is disappointing, but then again they didn't claim to NOT bleed through.  Like them for journaling sometimes, but probably wouldn't get again for my projects."
Love these pens! The blue and pink are light but work great. I'm using these with my tools4wisdom planner and they do not bleed through the pages. Very happy with these
"The pigmentation of the pens is awesome! Only concern is the bleed thru. The packaging of the pens was ripped, so that wasn't cool."
"The packaging for the pens looks horrible. It was like bent, that snap thing when you close it doesn't work. There's stuff all over the plastic, I'm actually doubting maybe this is used. Very disappointed"
Great quality and a lovely assortment of colors.
These are wonderful & the colors are lovely!
"These pens are great for adding extra notes while studying! It helps me keep updates in notes coordinated and the fine tip on the pens helps to add notes to small spaces. Also, the ink doesn't blot or smear - for he most part it doesn't bled either. I would definitely recommend them!"
They are wonderful pens.  They wrote perfectly and can in great colors!  I love them.
great pens - bright colors
Not quite what I was looking for can't see using it for a writing instament.
"These are great! They're thinner than what I'm used to, but they feel good in my hands, and after a little getting used to I really prefer them. I also didn't think about that these were felt tip pens, almost fine markers, and they bleed through paper if I push too hard. So that is also taking some getting used to. All-in-all, however, I really like them."
Colors are bright with a smooth handle when holding pens. Exactly what I was hoping for.
love these pens! the are smooth and the colors are lovely!
"These are great pens for writing on my planner pages and on the surface of my stickers, as well. However, I do wish each of them had a clip on the pen cap or some other accessory to ensure that they wouldn't  slide out of my planner pen loop. I can easily store them in a pouch inside, although I do like one in the loop for quick and easy accessibility to jot a quick note, list, or idea. Metallics would be a great addition to the pack, as well!!"
Product was what I thought it would be! Received it on time
I absolutley LOVE these pens! They are great I've had them for a while now and no issues. Still managed to keep all of them too! Would highly recommend if you're like me and love to color code things.
"Only 3 of the pens worked but customer service was good. They only refuded a portion of the cost if the pens. The 3 pens that do work are nice. They write smoothly and are bright. I just wish all of them worked.
Update- the company fully replaced the pens. Will definitely buy again."
Writes so smooth and the colors are awesome.
Great pen! Very nice lines and colors! Prompt delivery and great service!
These were a hit with my teenage daughter.
I only use these for some personal writing and making my planner totally colorful and easy to navigate.  They do not bleed through the paper and have kept a great color.
"The pens are great, I love them. But the packaging wasn't the best though."
"Very fine tips with great color, however they do bleed through paper unless you write very quickly. Not recomended for a normal day planner. I bought them to use in the planner I carry in my purse and I'll need to buy different onse now due to bleeding. Might work well for coloring on thicker paper."
"I love using these on my planner. They write clean, and concise with a very fine tip. They do not go through the paper and keep things very neat. I also like to draw in my planner and these work well for that too. I actually purchased 2 more sets. One to give away as a gift to my team member and the other to keep in my office at work. They are amazing!"
Exactly as described. Arrived on time
I love to use these when coloring more detailed pictures and I have not had any issues with bleeding which is great.
Nice
"Excellent product, competitive pricing & super fast shipping.  Thanks you!"
"I love office supplies. These pens are great for my new bullet journal. I would want the red to be a little richer, but beggars can't be choosers at this price!"
nice pen set
Haven't used yet but arrived as advertised.
"Definietly not pens, more like fine markers but I love them!"
Amazing!!! I lost my black pen and I'm tempted to by another set. #worth it
"I really like these pens.  They haven't run out of ink on my yet but I have only had them for about a week.  Colors are good and they ink does completely run through the paper, however if you press hard or hold the pen in one spot for too long as with any other ""felt tip"" type of pen would do.  I love these pens so far."
"Got these as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loves them. They're really high quality for a good price."
Cool lens!
exactly what I was expecting and great for the price. :)
"Love the pens, they are just a little too skinny, but write great!"
Very nice set...
I LOVE LOVE LOVE my pens!!!!
Great product!  Super quick shipping!
Why would you ask me about this when you knew it was a gift for someone else? I have not heard how she liked it!
"These are wonderful pens. I haven't had them very long, but they write well, the colors are bright and vibrant, and I haven't had any leak through paper.  I use them to write in my planner, calendar, and at the office - as I like to color code EVERYTHING.  I highly recommend these and have even told a few friends about them already."
Love the pens. The colors are fantastic and they write great!
item as described A+++
"I Love these, they do bleed through the page if your heavy handed. But, I give them 5 stars."
"Colours are vibrant and does not bleed. Pens are slimline and comfortable to hold, as a leftie I have no problem holding these pens for long periods."
Love these pens! Very fine and smooth writing. I love the colors.
Item was exactly as expected and doesn't bleed through the paper. I would recommend this to someone else
I love these pens! They are incredible and don't bleed through my paper. Very happy and highly recommended!
My secret Santa loved this!
Excellent!
Great product at a good price
Love these! They write great and they're very colorful and look pretty in my planner.
Was half expecting the ink to be dry. But surprisingly all are in good condition. Nice colors. Love the pen tip.
Great
Great Pens!  Don't bleed through paper
Love them !
Works as described
"I love these, they work very well for what I need them for, and they haven't run out yet, despite me using them every day. Honestly, my only complaint is that I wish there were more in a pack aha, because they work so well for me."
Writes very nicely. No issues yet.
I bought it as a gift.  It came on time all intact.
Exactly what I expected. Very happy
Excellent pens. Definitely recommended for anyone who needs a fine point for hand writing or aesthetic.
Pens wrote well (I've had problems in the past with both in store and online purchases) and are narrow bodies (great for my small hands :-) ).  Highly recommended for multi-colored note taking.  Loving the color variety.  Have had no smearing issues.
I like the pens a lot! The tip is a lot softer when writing so be careful not to press hard otherwise it can break. I like the smoothness of the pen and the colors are vibrant.
"I bought the pens as a gift so was unable to test it. The product looked pretty on the outside, but I wished the packaging that it came in (i.e. the plastic exterior) matched the aesthetics of the pen"
"I enjoy how it writes when I take notes, but it tends to bleed through the paper. the color caps is the color that is written on the paper."
Love these. Wish I had gotten more than one pack
"It took a long time for this item to arrive and it is not entirely cheap.  After a while I don't even remember why I ordered it.  It was directly shipped from China and the brand name was printed in Chinese.  But it is so worth the waiting!  The pens write so smoothly that I haven't felt this comfortable with any other pens, even with those big brands. They also work well on different kinds of papers.  I wish they have more colors and when I use up mine, these will be still in market."
These kind of bleed through the paper so I have to keep in mind not to write heavy.
I love it! Just hope it will last long and not die out. All the colors are vibrant and all the pens work! Very satisfied with it. Will buy it again once the pens die out.
"The pens are very smooth and the colors are vibrant! I like the slimness of the pens. Easy to handle and write, doodle, or draw with these pens."
I love these they are perfect. The colors are very bright!
Great for planners
Awesome quality.  Going to order then again!
Smooth writing
excellent
Such great marker-pens for such a reasonable price! I ordered them along with a planner and as soon as my mom saw she immediately ordered three more packs for herself and her friends. Highly recommend!
I have had these for almost a year and a half and they still work great. I use them in my daily planner and I couldn't be more pleased.
nice set
"Think of thin markers but low bleed. Very easy to write out notes, work well on classic white printer paper, see strange photo of my notes posted :)  Overall, great set of writing/note taking markers for the pricing!"
Perfect for what I needed
"they were a gift for someone, So I don't know"
